--- Page 1 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC - JobosConfidential
AMENDMENT NO. 1
TO THE
ENERGY STORAGE SERVICES AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
AND
THE PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY
This Amendment No. Ito the Energy Storage Services Agreement (this "Amendment") is entered into as
of March 17, 2023 (the "First Amendment Effective Date"), by and between the Puerto Rico Electric
Power Authority ("PREPA") and Clean Flexible Energy LLC (the "Resource Provider"). PREPA and
Resource Provider are herein individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively referred to as
"Parties." All capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the
meaning given to them in the Agreement (defined below).
RECITALS
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Energy Storage Services Agreement, dated August 26,
2022 (the "Agreement"), which provided two hundred forty (240) Days to reach the Closing Date; and
WHEREAS, the -Parties now desire to amend certain provisions of the Agreement in accordance with
the terms of this Amendment,
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements set forth herein
andforothergood and '- valuable -considerationthereceiptandsufficiency- of whichare
hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
SECTION A. Amendment to. allow more time to -achieve the Closing Date---_
Section 2.3(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
If eitherClosing ate does not occur for any,_reason within three hundred (30Q)_Days after
the Agrafuent Date, or (ii). PREPA notifies Resource Provider of its intention either -riot to (A)
accept the,:Best and Final Offer made by Resource Provider, or (B) issue a Best, .Interests
Determinhtion for .the, Rroject, in each case for any -reason whatsoever,.,.then, without. limiting
Sectioir-1,5r2^ (N6 'Dischaige of Obligations), this Agreement shall aútdinatically terminate at
midnight on such Day, provided that upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with this
paragraph (b) of this Section 2.3, (i) neither Party shall incur any liability .to the other Party, and
(ii) PREPA shall return the Bid Security to Resource Provider unless Resource Provider has
breached any of the Agreement Date Obligations in a material way and failed to cure such breach
within ten (10) Business Days of the occurrence of such breach, in which case PREPA shall have
the right to draw on the full face amount of the Bid Security.
SECTION B. Representations and Warranties
1.PREPA hereby represents and. walTants to Resource Provider that: (a) the execution and delivery
by PREPA of this Amendment, and the Amendment itself, (i) have been duly authorized by PREB,
PREPA's Governing Board, and any other applicable PREPA governing body in accordance with
applicable law, (ii) do not and will not require any additional internal or external consent or
approval and (iii) do not and will not violate any provision of Act No. 83 of May 2, 1941, as
amended, or its regulations, or any material indenture, contract or agreement to which it is a party
1
2023-P00052A

--- Page 2 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC - JobosConfidential
or by which its properties may be bound; and (b) this Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding
obligation of PREPA, enforceable against PREPA in accordance with its terms, except as may be
limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of rights
generally.
2.Resource Provider hereby represents and warrants to PREPA that: (a) the execution, delivery, and
performance by Resource Provider of this Amendment (i) have been duly authorized, (ii) do not
and will not require any additional internal consent or approval of Resource Provider and (iii) do
not and will not violate any provision of Resource Provider's certificate of formation or operating
agreement, or any material indenture, Contract or agreement to which it is a party or by which it or
its properties may be bound, or any law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment,
injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect; and (b) this Amendment is a legal,
valid and binding obligation of Resource Provider, enforceable against Resource Provider in
accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
laws affecting the enforcement of rights generally.
SECTION C. Miscellaneous
Information for Controller's Office. PREPA will charge all payments that it owes under the
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, to PREPA's budget account number 01-4042-54710-
050-668-0000 and estimates that its costs under the Agreement will not exceed four hundred forty-
four million two hundred seventeen thousand four hundred and ninety-four dollars with forty cents
(8444,217,494.40). For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties have set out the expected account
number .ad. estimate of costs for informational purposes to satisfy the requirements of the Puerto
-Rico Cóntroller. This paragraph does not bind the Parties or modify .any other provision of the
Agreement.
Headings. The headings inthis Amendment arc for reference only and do not affect the
interpretation of this Amendment.
3.No Implied Waiver. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and does not modify any
-áblprovisions of the Agreement except as specifically amended ábtíve. This Amendment shall not be
= ' rtíeeiied to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver l 1iiodification of, any other term or
..ic condition of the Agreement, whether or not known to the Parties, or to prejudice any other right or
a= rights which the Agreement may now have or have in the future:
4.Counterparts. This Amendment may he executed in any number of counterparts with the same
effect as if both Parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together
and shall constitute one instrument.
5.Entire Agreement. The Parties intend the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, as the final
expression of their agreement and also as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of their
agreement with respect to the subject matter thereof that supersedes all prior written and oral
understandings between the Parties with respect thereto.
6.Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance
with the Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico without regard to any contrary result required
under applicable conflicts of laws rules. The Parties herein agree that all Disputes arising hereunder
shall be resolved pursuant to Article 21 (Dispute Resolution) of the Agreement.
[Signatures appear on the following page.]
2

--- Page 3 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC - JobosConfidential
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective officers as of the date first above written.
PUERTORICO ELI CTRIC POWERAUTHORITY
By:
Name:osu'e YColon Ortiz
Title:Executive Director
CLEAN FL X : LE ENERGY LLC - JOBOS BESS
By:
Name: 'Jesus Bolinaga
Title:President
Date:March 02, 2023
-=-__
1,1.11:7 riLr7ryrr=.-.-
-