--- Page 1 ---
2023-P00053E
AMENDMENT NO, 5
TO THE
ENERGY STORAGE SERVICES AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
AND
THE PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY
This Amendment No. 5 to the Energy Storage Services Agreement for Salinas (this "Amendment") is
entered into as ofNovember 30, 2023 (the "Fifth Amendment Effective Date"), by and between the Puerto
Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA") and Clean Flexible Energy LLC (the "Resource Provider").
PREPA and Resource Provider are herein individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively referred to
as "Parties." All capitalized terms used in this Amendment and not otherwise defined shall have the
meaning given to them in the Agreement (defined below).
RECITALS
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Energy Storage Services Agreement, dated August 26,
2022 (the "Agreement"), which provided two hundred forty (240) Days to reach the Closing Date;
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Amendment No.1to the ESSA, dated March 17, 2023
(the "First Amendment"), which provided for an additional sixty (60) Days to reach the Closing Date;
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Amendment No. 2 to the ESSA, dated June 15, 2023 (the
"Second Amendment"), which extended the Closing Date to June 30, 2023;
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Amendment No. 3 to the ESSA, dated June 30, 2023 (the
"Third Amendment"),which extended the Closing Date to July 10, 2023;
WHEREAS, the Parties entered into that certain Amendment No. 4 to the PPOA, dated July 10, 2023 (the
"Fourth Amendment"); and
WHEREAS, the Parties now desire to amend certain provisions of the Agreement in accordance with the
terms of this Amendment,
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises, covenants and agreements set forth herein
andfor other good and valuable consideration thereceipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:
SECTION A. Amendments
1.In Section 1.1 (Definitions), the following defined terms and their corresponding definitions are
hereby added in alphabetical order within such section:
"Ciro" means Ciro One Salinas, LLC.
"Ciro Agreement" means the agreement entered into or to be entered into between
Resource Provider and Ciro pursuantto which Ciro willundertake the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities Work and Resource Provider will reimburse Ciro for a portion
of such work.
1

--- Page 2 ---
"Ciro Reimbursement Amount" means the amount payable by Resource Provider to Ciro
pursuant to the Ciro Agreement in reimbursement of Ciro's costs in relation to the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities Work.
"PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work" means the work to develop, design, finance,
permit, construct, install, test and commission the PREPA Interconnection Facilities.
"T&D Operator Fee" means the estimate of T&D Operator's internal costs related to the
PREPA Interconnection Facilities Works as specified in Appendix D of the revised Facility
Study and System Impact Study (as amended or replaced by the Parties from time to time),
and to be paid in accordance with the Interconnection Agreement.
2,In Section 1.1 (Definitions), the following defined terms and corresponding definitions are hereby
amended and restated in their entirety:
"Development Abandonment" means (i) the permanent cessation by Resource Provider
of the development and construction of the Facility being installed by Resource Provider
after the Closing Date and prior to the Commercial Operation Date, as evidenced by
Resource Provider's or its construction contractors' personnel having withdrawn from the
Site (unless Resource Provider demonstrates otherwise) and Resource Provider having
otherwise ceased development and construction activities related to the Facility for more
than one hundred twenty (120) consecutive Days for any reason other than as a result of
Force Majeure affecting Resource Provider or a PREPA Risk Event; (ii) Resource
Provider's failure to fund the PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work in accordance with
the Ciro Agreement; or (iii) Resource Provider's failure to pay the T&D Operator Fee in
accordance with the Interconnection Agreement,
3.Sections 3,2(a) and (b)(Resource Provider's Development Obligations)of the Agreement are
hereby amended and restated in their entirety to read as follows:
3.2Resource Provider's Development Obligations
a.Resource Provider shall (1) develop, design, finance, permit, construct, install, test, and
commission the Facility, (ii) pay Ciro the Ciro Reimbursement Amount in accordance with
the Ciro Agreement, and (iii) achieve Commercial Operation no later than the Guaranteed
Commercial Operation Date, at its own cost, in accordance with the Milestone Schedule,
the requirements of all Permits, the MTRs, the Approved Design, the Interconnection
Agreement, Prudent Utility Practices, the other provisions of this Agreement, Applicable
Law and Applicable Standards.
b.Resource Provider shall promptly pay to 'MD Operator all amounts invoiced by T&D
Operator in accordance with the Interconnection Agreement for the T&D Operator Fee,
4.Section 33 (PREPADevelopment Obligations)is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to
read as follows:
3.3PREPA Interconnection Facilities Works
PREPA acknowledges that (i) Ciro will have primary responsibility for the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities Works and (ii) Resource Provider is obligated to pay Ciro the
Ciro Reimbursement Amount under the Ciro Agreement. PREPA acknowledges that if the
2

--- Page 3 ---
Ciro Reimbursement Amount (together with any other reasonable and documented costs
incurred by Resource Provider that are directly attributable to the PREPA Interconnection
Facilities Works) exceeds the Estimated Cost, the Interconnection Cost Recovery
Component will not compensate Resource Provider for such excess cost, and agrees to
work in good faith with Resource Provider, the T&D Operator, FOMB, PREB, and other
relevant Governmental Authorities to agree on a mechanism to compensate Resource
Provider for such excess cost.
S.Limb (b) of Part 3 (Mutual Conditions) of Appendix C (Conditions Subsequent) to the Agreement
is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:
b.an executed copy of the Interconnection Agreement (substantially in the form
circulated by T&D Operator in February 2023), signed by the parties thereto, provided that
such copy will (i) reflect the final interconnection design and arrangements for the Project
agreed by Resource Provider, PREPA, and T&D Operator; and (ii) reflect the Point of
Interconnection set out in Appendix I, as amended,
6.Section 2 (Monthly Fixed Payment) of Appendix F (Compensation) of the Agreement is hereby
amended by replacing references to the "Contracted Cost" with references to the "Ciro
Reimbursement Amount,"
7.Appendix H-1 (Electrical Interconnection Single Line Diagram) of the Agreement is hereby
amended and restated in its entirety as shown by Annex A attached hereto.
8.In Appendix J (Operating Procedures), the reference to "Aguirre S/E" as the Substation is hereby
replaced by a reference to the "Ciro Sectionalizer."
9.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, if this Fifth Amendment requires the
approval of the TOMB or PREB or any other Governmental Authority and any such approval is
not provided and notified to Resource Provider before November 30, 2023, then the November 30,
2023, deadline set out in Sections 2.3(b) and 2.3(c) of the Agreement, as amended by the Fourth
Amendment, shall be extended on a day -for -day basis for each day beginning on November 30,
2023, until each such approval is provided and notified to Resource Provider.
SECTION B, Representations and Warranties
1.PREPA hereby represents and warrants to Resource Provider that: (a) the execution and delivery
by PREPA of this Amendment has been duly authorized by PREPA's Governing Board; and
(b) this Amendment is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of PREPA, enforceable against PREPA
in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or
similar laws affecting the enforcement of rights generally, and subject to the approvals required by
the Conditions Subsequent as defined therein,
2.Resource Provider hereby represents and warrants to PREPA that: (a) the execution, delivery, and
performance by Resource Provider of this Amendment (i) have been duly authorized, (ii) do not
and will not require any additional internal consent or approval of Resource Provider and (iii) do
not and will not violate any provision of Resource Provider's certificate of formation or operating
agreement, or any material indenture, contract or agreement to which it is a party or by which it or
its properties may be bound, or any law, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, writ, judgment,
Injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect; and (b) this Amendment is a legal,
valid and binding obligation of Resource Provider, enforceable against Resource Provider in
3

--- Page 4 ---
accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar
laws affecting the enforcement of rights generally.
SECTION C. Miscellaneous
1.Information for Controller's Office. PREPA will charge all payments thatit owes under the
Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, to PREPA's budget account number
and estimates that its costs under the Agreement will not exceed two billion four
hundred fifty nine million five hundred forty two thousand six hundred filly five dollars and fifteen
cents ($2,459,542,655.15). For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties have set out the expected account
number and estimate of costs for informational purposes to satisfy the requirements of the Puerto
Rico Controller. This paragraph does not bind the Parties or modify any other provision of the
Agreement.
2.Headings. The headings inthis Amendment are for reference only and do not affect the
interpretation of this Amendment.
3.No Implied Waiver. This Amendment shall be limited precisely as written and does not modify any
provisions of the Agreement except as specifically amended above. This Amendment shall not be
deemed to be a consent granted pursuant to, or a waiver or modification of, any other term or
condition of the Agreement, whether or not known to the Parties, or to prejudice any other right or
rights which the Agreement may now have or have in the future.
4.Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same
effect as if both Parties had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together
and shall constitute one instrument.
5.Entire Agreement. The Parties intend the Agreement, as amended by this Amendment, as the final
expression of their agreement and also as a complete and exclusive statement of the terms of their
agreement with respect to the subject matter thereof that supersedes all prior written and oral
understandings between the Parties with respect thereto.
6.Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance
with the Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico without regard to any contrary result required
under applicable conflicts of laws rules. The Parties herein agree that all Disputes arising hereunder
shall be resolved pursuant to Article 21(Dispute Resolution)of the Agreement.
[Signatures appear on llre following page.]
4

--- Page 5 ---
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed by
their respective officers as of the date first above written.
PU ERLECTRIC PO ER UTHORITY
By:C
Name: JosuColón Ortiz
Title:Executive Director
CLEAN F+ XIB E ENERGY LLC
By:
Name.-1saga
Title:Psident
5

--- Page 6 ---
/11)It
00
0880
re liá
rI 
ANNEX A
APPENDIX H-1
TO SE CIROSECTIOWIIZER 7351Y
H11
ti/ d
.}..d
1  1/t
Cr
0000
II
00
ri
00
Hw
f
`'i
¡yC
r. tw
tNI
frc.
1
t1.,5!!+ 01.5Us? 11 n1 *ytv N,lJ1,,itall
OOhYt+h=vln0,1t5r11:\y 
11\1Rt.a\,,\
f«vni1.5
tYf YI q
TO 5,1 rr J f;UATO SY1iTCTi;U4
2
Note: The Interconnection Point (POI) will be a point identified along the transmission line outside the
perimeter of the Ciro Sectionalizer,
6

--- Page 7 ---
LEGEND
52
--o 0-111
(YYYYYI
CIRCUIT BREAKER
SURGE ARRESTER
POWER TRANSFORMER
NEUTRAL GROUNDING RESISTOR
POTENTIAL TRANSFORMER
IIICURRENT TRANSFORMER
« >' DRAW OUT EQUtP MEN T
TESTSWITCH
TS
^)<""
FUSE
0,""''''()GOAD SWITCH
LOW VOLTAGE CIRCUIT
BREAKER
 CABLE TERM WATKa4
 TERMINAL
TRIPPING USES
O
e
G3P
CURRENT
POTENTIAL
HIGH VOLTAGE BUS
FIBER OPTIC CABLE
MOTOR
TRANSFORMER OIL TEMPERATURE RELAY
TRANSF' COMERVAN DING TEMPERATURE RELAY
TRANSFORMER SUDDEN PRESSURE
RELAY
PRESSURE RELIEVE RELAY
OX. LEVEL RELAY
PHASE OVERCURRENT
GROWID OVERCURRENT
GROUND OVERVOLTAGE
TRANSFORMER CURRENT DIFFERENTIAL
GROUND OVERCURRENT
LOCKOUT RELAY
7