--- Page 1 ---
EXECUTION COPY
ITC -COMPLIANT VERSION
2023-P00053
ENERGY STORAGE SERVICES AGREEMENT
BETWEEN
PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY
AND
CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
DATED AS OF AUGUST 26, 2022
Puerto Rico
Electric Power
Authority

--- Page 2 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1.
2.
DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION
1.1Definitions
1.2Rules of Interpretation
TERM, EFFECTIVENESS & PERFORMANCE SECURITY
2
2
23
24
2.1Signing Conditions24
2.2Initial Term24
2.3Initial Effectiveness & Closing Date24
2.4Extension25
2.5Performance Security25
3.PRE -OPERATION PERIOD27
3.1Consulting Technical Expert27
3.2Resource Provider's Development Obligations27
3.3PREPA Development Obligations28
3.4Extensions of Time28
3.5Delay Liquidated Damages29
3.6Exchange of Information30
3.7Cooperation30
3.8Interconnection Agreement30
3.9Protocols & Procedures30
3.10Resource Provider Utilities.31
4.FACILITY DESIGN REQUIREMENTS31
4.1Proposed Design31
4.2Modifications32
4.3Modeling33
4.4Pre -Synchronization Testing33
4.5Protection Relays & Control35
4.6Voltage Schedule36
4.7Facility Upgrades36
5.SYNCHRONIZATION, TESTING & COMPLETION36
5.1Scheduling Synchronization36
5.2Initial Synchronization36
5.3Initial Performance Tests36
5.4Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities38
6.OPERATION OF THE FACILITY39
6.1General 39
6.2Electricity Supply to the Facility39
6.3Scheduled Maintenance40

--- Page 3 ---
6.4
6.5
6.6
6.7
6.8
6.9
6.10
Non -Scheduled Outages & Deratings
Emergencies
Restoration of the Facility
Communication
Record Keeping
Supply Period Performance Tests
Network Security
41
41
42
42
43
44
45
7.DISPATCHING & CHARGING OBLIGATIONS45
7.1Dispatching45
7.2Curtailment for Breach46
7.3Charging46
7.4Charge Energy Obligations47
7.5Station Use48
7.6Unauthorized Charge and Renewable Energy Charge48
7.7Operation in Storage Mode49
7.8Termination of the PPOA for PREPA's Default during the ITC Period49
8.METERING49
8.1Meter Ownership & Maintenance49
8.2Meter Inspection49
8.3Meter Testing & Calibration50
8.4Meter Reading51
8.5Data 51
9.SALE & PURCHASE51
9.1General 51
9.2Title & Risk of Loss51
9.3Right of Resale51
9.4Ancillary Services52
9.5Green Credits52
9.6Improvement in PREPA's Financial Condition52
10.PAYMENT & BILLINGS52
10.1Invoice for Monthly Payment52
10.2Resource Provider Invoice Certification53
10.3Invoice for Liquidated Damages54
10.4Payment Set -Off54
10.5Payment Method54
10.6Disputed Invoices54
11.LIABILITY54
11.1General 54
I L2Foreseeable Damages55
11.3No Liability55
11.4Obligation to Pay55
ii

--- Page 4 ---
12.
11.5Resource Provider Liability Cap
REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, & COVENANTS
55
56
12.ICompliance with Law56
12.2Fines & Penalties56
12.3Resource Provider Representations & Warranties56
12.4PREPA Representations & Warranties57
12.5Resource Provider Payments58
12.6Resource Provider's Financial Statements58
12.7Resource Provider's Officers58
12.8Other Business58
12.9Confidentiality58
12.10Local Content59
12.1ISubcontracting60
12.12Administrative Expense Treatment60
13.INDEMNIFICATION60
13.1General 60
13.2Notice of Claim60
13.3Claims Arising From Environmental Harm61
14.FORCE MAJEURE61
14.1General 61
14.2Instances of Force Majeure61
14.3Notice 62
14.4Consequences62
I4.5Disputes62
14.6Extended Force Majeure63
15.TERMINATION63
15.1Termination Date63
15.2No Discharge of Obligations63
15.3Removal of Facility & Related Equipment64
16.DEFAULT64
16.1Definition64
16.2Certain Material Breaches65
16.3Remedies & Disputes66
17.CHANGE -OF -LAW & TAXES66
17.1Change -of -Law66
17.2Tracking Account67
17.3Taxes 67
18.INSURANCE68
iii

--- Page 5 ---
18.1
18.2
18.3
18.4
18.5
18.6
Resource Provider Requirements
Requirements for Resource Provider Policies
Contractor Requirements
Requirements for the Contractor Policies
Application of Proceeds
General Provision
68
69
70
71
71
72
19.ASSIGNMENT & TRANSFER72
19.1Restriction on Assignment72
19.2PREPA's Right to Assign72
19.3Resource Provider's Right to Assign72
19.4Restrictions on Equity Transfers74
19.5Restrictions on Asset Transfers75
20.NOTICES76
20.1General. 76
20.2Change of Address or Persons77
21.DISPUTE RESOLUTION77
21.1Scope of the Dispute Resolution Provisions77
21.2Commencement of the Dispute Resolution Procedure77
21.3Negotiation77
21.4Technical Recommendation78
21.5Arbitration78
22.MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS79
22.1Waiver & Amendment79
22.2Strict Performance79
22.3No Third -Party Beneficiaries79
22.4Resource Provider Certification Requirement79
22.5No Sharing of Benefit80
22.6No Association, Joint Venture, or Partnership80
22.7Successors80
22.8Complete Agreement & Conflicts80
22.9Severability80
22.10Anticorruption & Antibribery80
22.11No Economic Interest80
22.12Code of Ethics80
22.13Independent Contractor81
22.14Counterparts81
22.15Governing Law81
iv

--- Page 6 ---
APPENDICES
A.HOLIDAYS83
B.PREPA SIGNING CONDITIONS84
C.CONDITIONS PRECEDENT86
D.MILESTONE SCHEDULE88
E.RESOURCE PROVIDER PERMITS89
FCOMPENSATION91
G.FACILITY SITE98
H.INTERCONNECTION DESCRIPTION AND SPECIFICATIONS99
H -I .ELECTRICAL INTERCONNECTION SINGLE LINE106
I.PROGRESS REVIEW108
J.OPERATING CHARACTERISTICS110
K.MINIMUM TECIINICAL REQUIREMENTS116
L.OPERATING PROCEDURES125
M.TESTING PROTOCOL165
N.TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE DYNAMIC SYSTEM MONITOR184
O.TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS FOR OPERATION, PROTECTION, & CONTROL189
P.PERFORMANCE GUARANTEES191
Q.FORM OF SWORN STATEMENT194
R.FORM OF FOMB CERTIFICATION196
S.FORM OF CONDITIONS PRECEDENT CERTIFICATE198
T.FORM OF CONSTRUCTION START DATE CERTIFICATE199
U.FORM OF COMMERCIAL OPERATION DATE CERTIFICATE200
V.FORM OF PERFORMANCE SECURITY201
W.FORM OF DIRECT AGREEMENT205
X.FORM OF IF COMPLETION NOTICE .213
S.

--- Page 7 ---
Y.FORM OF SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION NOTICE214
Z.FORM OF WARRANTY COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE215
AA.FORM OF PAYMENT GUARANTEE216
vi

--- Page 8 ---
THIS ENERGY STORAGE SERVICES AGREEMENT (the "Agreement") ís entered into as of this
26 day ofAugust,2022 (the "Agreement Date") between the PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC
POWER AUTHORITY (including any successor thereto, "PREPA"), a public corporation and
governmental instrumentality of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, created by Act of May 2, 1941, No.
83, as amended, employer identification number', represented in this act by its Executive
Director, Mr, Josué Colón, of legal age, married, engineer and resident of Caguas, Puerto Rico; and CLEAN
FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC ("Resource Provider"), a Puerto Rico limited liability company, authorized
to do business in Puerto Rico, employer identification numbei, with its principal office at 350
Carlos Chardon Avenue, Suite 10 34, San Juan, Puerto Rico, 00918, and represented in this act by its
President, Mr. Jesús Bolinaga, of legal age, married, and a resident of San Juan, Puerto Rico, authorized to
sign this Agreement on behalf of Resource Provider as certified by the Resolution dated May 26, 2021.
PREPA and Resource Provider are herein individually referred to as a "Party" and collectively referred to
as "Parties":
RECITALS
WHEREAS,
A.To procure renewable energy generation and energy storage services at sites across the island of
Puerto Rico in accordance with the requirements of the Puerto Rico Energy Public Policy Act (Act
17-2019), the Puerto Rico Energy Diversification Policy through Sustainable and Alternative
Renewable Energy Act (Act 82-2010), PREB's Final Resolution and Order on PREPA's Integrated
Resource Plan in Case No. CEPR-AP-2018-0001 issued on August 24, 2020, and PREB's
Resolution and Order on PREPA's Draft Procurement Plan in Case No. NEPR-MI-2020-012 issued
on December 8, 2020, PREPA has conducted a competitive procurement process based upon its
issuance of Request for Proposals No. 112648, Renewable Energy and Energy Storage Resources,
Tranche 1 of 6, on February 22, 2021 (as amended, the "RFP") to select one or more developers to
(i) design, construct, install, interconnect, test, commission, operate and maintain renewable energy
generation, virtual power plants, and/or energy storage resources, and (ii) enter into agreement(s)
with PREPA for the same;
B.Resource Provider, among other bidders, (i) submitted a proposal in response to the RFP on June
18, 2021 and separately submitted an on -demand letter of credit as security for Resource Provider's
satisfaction of the requirements of the RFP (the "Bid Security") and (ii) desires to (a) develop,
finance, construct, own, operate and maintain a 100 MW (400 MWh or equivalent) energy storage
facility (the "Project"), (b) charge such facility from a renewable energy resource that qualifies as
"green energy" under Puerto Rico Act 82-2010, co -located with such facility at the Site (as defined
below) (the "Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource"), and (c) sell and make available
exclusively to PREPA Energy Storage Services and Green Credits of/from such facility in
accordance with this Agreement; and
C.PREPA (i) selected Resource Provider as one of the preferred bidders following the submission
and evaluation of all proposals, and (ii) desires to purchase Energy Storage Services and Green
Credits of/from such facility in accordance with this Agreement;
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of these premises and of the tnutual covenants and agreements set
forth herein, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree to the following:
Y

--- Page 9 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
I.DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATION
1.1Definitions
In this Agreement:
"AC" means alternating electrical current.
"Actual Efficiency" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 3 (Efficiency) of
Appendix P (Performance Guarantee).
"Additional Costs" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 17.1 (Change -of -Law).
"Adjusted Duration Energy" means the lower of the latest Tested Duration Energy and the
applicable Degraded Duration Energy.
"Affected Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 (General).
"Affiliate" means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person that directly or indirectly,
through one or more intermediaries, Controls (e.g., has the status of a parent company), is
Controlled by (e.g., has the status of a subsidiary) or is under common Control (e.g., has the status
of sister company) with such specified Person.
"Agreement" has the meaning set forth in I.he preamble of this Agreement.
"Agreement Date" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.
"Agreement Date Obligations" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 2.3 (Initial
Effectiveness & Closing Date).
"Agreement Year" means each period of twelve (12) consecutive Months, provided that (i) the
first such period shall begin on the Commercial Operation Date, (ii) each such subsequent year
shall begin on the corresponding anniversary of such earlier date, and (iii) the last such period shall
expire at the end of the Supply Period.
"Ancillary Services" means any services required by the MTRs or otherwise capable of being
made available to the Grid System by the Facility from time to time, including automatic generation
control, synchronous condenser mode, reactive power support, operating reserve, frequency
control, ramp rate control, voltage control, black start capability, voltage support, emergency stand-
by support, or others, as applicable.
"Annual Cm" Degradation Rate" means the Annual Cm" Degradation Rate set forth in Appendix
J (Operating Characteristics).
"Annual Degradation Rates" means the Annual Cm" Degradation Rate, the Annual D"'"
Degradation Rate, the Annual Duration Energy Degradation Rate, and the Annual Storage
Degradation Rate.
"Annual Dm"' Degradation Rate" means the Annual Dm" Degradation Rate set forth in Appendix
J (Operating Characteristics).
2

--- Page 10 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Annual Duration Energy Degradation Rate" or "ADDR" means the rate (expressed as a
percentage) on an annual basis at which the quantity of Design Duration Energy will decline as a
result of degradation during each Agreement Year as set forthin Appendix J (Operating
Characteristics).
"Annual Storage Degradation Rate" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating
Characteristics).
"Applicable Law" or "Law" means, with respect to any Person, any constitution, bilateral or
multilateral treaty, statute, law, rile, regulation, ordinance, judgment, order, decree, governmental
consent, or approval or any published directive, guideline, requirement or other governmental
restriction, which has the force of law, or any determination, or interpretation of any of the
foregoing, by any judicial authority, which legally binds such Person or its property whether in
effect as of the Resource Provider Execution Date or thereafter.
"Applicable Standards" means the MTRs, the DCDs, any other applicable PREPA standards that
PREPA has made available or identified to Resource Provider as applicable to Resource Provider's
performance of itsobligations under this Agreement, and any other codes, standards, or
requirements set forth in any Applicable Law, including any applicable federal, state or local code,
the latest standards of the Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers (IEEE), National
Electrical Manufacturer's Association (NEMA), American Concrete Institute (AO), American
National Standards Institute (ANSI), International Code Council Code (ICC), National Fire
Protection Association and the North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC), as well
as the latest editions of the National Electrical Code and the National Electrical Safety Codc
(NESC), to the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing, in each case as modified from time to
time.
"Approved Design" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 4.1 (Proposed Design).
"Arbitration Rules" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.5 (Arbitration).
"Arbitrator" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.5 (Arbitration).
"Availability Liquidated Damages" or "ALD" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of
Section I (Facility Availability) of Appendix P (Performance Guarantee).
"Balance" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 17.2 (Tracking Account).
"Best and Final Offer" has the meaning set forth in the RFP.
"Best Interests Determination" means a determination by PREPA that the Project will serve the
best interests of its ratepayers as evidenced by the findings of the Feasibility Study, System Impact
Study and Facility Study, following the completion of the phase Ill evaluation of the Project by
PREPA as contemplated by the RFP.
"Bid Security" has the meaning set forth in Recital B in the preamble of this Agreement.
"Billing Period" means a Month, provided that (i) the first such period shall begin on the Initial
Synchronization Date and end on the final Day of the Month in which the Initial Synchronization
Date occurs, and (ii) the last such period shall begin on the first Day of the Month in which the
Supply Period will expire and end on final Day of the Supply Period.
3

--- Page 11 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Bulk -Power System EO" means E.O. 13920 of May 1, 2020, as supplemented by and including
the rules and regulations published by the U.S. Department of Energy in connection therewith, as
such may be modified from time to time.
"Business Day" means a Day other than (i) a Saturday, a Sunday or a Day on which Applicable
Law requires or authorizes commercial banks in San Juan, Puerto Rico to close, or (ii) any other
Day recognized as a holiday by PREPA as listed in Appendix A (Holidays) hereto or notified to
Resource Provider from time to time.
"Capability" means the Dm", C"1°`, and the Maximum Storage Energy which the Facility can
achieve or make available.
"Capability Liquidated Damages" or "CLD" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section
2 (Capability) of Appendix P (Performance Guarantee).
"Capability Payment Price" or "CPP" has the meaning set forth in of Section 2 (Monthly Fixed
Payment) of Appendix F (Compensation).
"Capability Shortfall Liquidated Damages" has the meaning set forth in item (2), paragraph (b)
of Section 5.3 (Initial Performance Tests).
"Change -of -Law" means the enactment, approval or issuance of an Applicable Law after the
Resource Provider Execution Date.
"Charge Duration" means the period of time required for the Facility to increase the State of
Charge from zero percent (0%) to one hundred percent (100%) when charging at C"1" as evidenced
by Performance Tests.
"Charge Energy" or "CE" means, for any period of time, the Energy drawn by the Facility from
a Charge Source for storage and discharge at a later time while operating in Charge Mode
(expressed in MWh during such period) as measured by the Main Meters, net of Station Use.
"Charge Mode" means the mode of operation whereby the Facility increases the State of Charge
by accepting Charge Energy at the applicable Charge Point.
"Charge Notice" means the operating instruction and any subsequent updates given by PREPA to
Resource Provider, directing the Facility to charge from an applicable Charge Source at a specific
rate to a specified Stored Energy Level.
"Charge Point" means (i) for each Charge Notice that identifies a Co -Located Renewable Energy
Resource as the Charge Source, the Co -Located Resource Connection Point and (ii) for each Charge
Notice that identifies the Grid System as the Charge Source, the Interconnection Point.
"Charge Source" means (i) during the ITC Period, a Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource,
and (ii) for each Charge Notice issued thereafter, either a Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource
or the Grid System, as PREPA may elect in such Charge Notice at its sole discretion.
"Claims" means all claims, actions, suits, demands, or proceedings brought by any Person for
liabilities, judgments, losses, costs (including court costs, reasonable attorneys' fees, and costs of
investigation), fines, penalties, expenses, and damages of whatsoever kind or nature, arising in
contract, tort, or otherwise.
"Closing Date" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 2.3 (Initial Effectiveness &
Closing Date).
4

--- Page 12 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"C"'"" means the maximum steady-state power capacity (expressed in MW) that the Facility can
continuously take in to increase the State of Charge from zero percent (0%) to one hundred percent
(100%), measured by the Main Meters at the applicable Charge Point.
"C"'As Duration" means the amount of time the Facility is able to charge at Cm«.
"C"'h" means the minimum steady-state power capacity (expressed in MW) that the Facility can
continuously take in to increase the State of Charge, below which the Facility cannot charge on a
sustained basis as measured by the Main Meters at the applicable Charge Point.
"COD Termination Event" means the occurrence of the Long -Stop Date prior to the Commercial
Operation Date.
"Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource" has the meaning set forth in Recital B of the
preamble of this Agreement.
"Co -Located Resource Connection Point" means, for any Co -Located Renewable Energy
Resource, the point at which such resource interconnects with the Facility.
"Commercial Operation" means satisfaction of the requirements set forth in a certificate issued
by Resource Provider in accordance with paragraph (e) of Section 5.3 (Initial Performance Tests)
in the form set forth in Appendix U (Form of Commercial Operation Date Certificate).
"Commercial Operation Date" means the date when Resource Provider firstachieves
Commercial Operation.
"Conditions Precedent" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 2.3(Initial
Effectiveness & Closing Date).
"Construction Start" means satisfaction of all requirements set forth in a certificate issued by
Resource Provider in the form set forth in Appendix T (Form of Construction Start Date
Certificate).
"Construction Start Date" means the date on which Resource Provider achieves Construction
Start, as evidenced by a certificate issued by Resource Provider to PREPA in a form set forth in
Appendix T (Form of Construction Star! Date Certificate).
"Construction Start Termination Event" means Resource Provider's failure to achieve the
Construction Start Date by the Guaranteed Construction Start Date.
"Consulting Technical Expert" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1 (Consulting Technical
Expert).
"Control" means (i) the ownership (whether directly or indirectly) of more than fifty percent
(>50%) of the total issued voting share capital or other voting interest of that company or
corporation, or (ii) the ability to unilaterally appoint a majority of the board directors or equivalent
body of that company or corporation through the ownership of securities with voting power or
otherwise, without the need of the vote or approval of another, or (iii) the ability to unilaterally
direct the business affairs and/or operations of that company or corporation, without the need of the
vote or approval of another; and the terms "Controls," "Controlled," and "Controlling" shall have
a corresponding meaning, provided that if two (2) shareholders each own fifty percent (50%) of the
5

--- Page 13 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
total issued and outstanding shares of a corporation, then neither shareholder controls such
corporation.
"COR3" means the Central Recovery and Reconstruction Office of Puerto Rico.
"Critical Project" has the meaning set forth in Title V of PROMESA.
"Day" means a period of twenty-four (24) consecutive hours, beginning at 00:00 hours on any
Gregorian calendar day and ending at 24:00 hours on such day Puerto Rico time.
"DC" means direct electrical current.
"Deemed Completion" means the occurrence of each of the following events: (I) the completion
of the installation of the Facility in all material respects (other than punch list items), and (ii) a
delay of the commencement of the Initial Performance Tests, or interruption of an ongoing Initial
Performance Tests, for a period of at least fifteen (15) consecutive Days as determined under
Section 3.4 (Extensions of Tiene), arising out of a PREPA Risk Event, in each case as evidenced by
the delivery of a certificate by Resource Provider to PREPA, co-signed by the Consulting Technical
Expert, certifying (A) the truth and correctness of each of the foregoing events, and (B) the date on
which Resource Provider would have achieved Commercial Operation but for the occurrence of a
PREPA Risk Event, which formed the basis for an extension of time of the Guaranteed Commercial
Operation Date under Section 3.4 (Extensions of Time); provided that Deemed Completion shall
never occur earlier than the Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date.
"Default" has the meaning set forth in Section 16.1 (Definition).
"Degraded Duration Energy" or "DDE" means, for each Agreement Year, the Design Duration
Energy (expressed in MWh) (i) adjusted downward by the applicable Energy Degradation Factor
for such year, and (ii) adjusted upward as demonstrated by the Performance Tests following
maintenance or technology upgrades contemplated by the final sentence of Section 4.7 (Facility
Upgrades), but not to exceed the Design Duration Energy.
"Derating" means Resource Provider's inability or failure, in whole or in part, to (i) make
Discharge Energyat D' availableatthe Interconnection Point (including any partial
unavailability), or (ii) accept Charge Energy at C" at the applicable Charge Point, in each case for
any reason (including Resource Provider's failure to deliver Charge Energy as required by this
Agreement) other than in the case of an Outage.
"Designated Person" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.3 (Negotiation).
"Design Capability" means Design O"°", Design C", and Design Storage Energy.
"Design Charge Duration" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Charge Energy" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Cm°"" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design C"°" Duration" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Cud" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
6

--- Page 14 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LI,C
"Design Dmm" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Dm" Duration" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Discharge Duration" hasthe meaning setforthinAppendix J(Operating
Characteristics).
"Design Dm"'" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Duration Energy" means the Discharge Energy that the Facility can deliver when
discharging at the Design D"'" during the Design Dm" Duration following charging from zero
percent (0%) State of Charge to one hundred percent (100%) State of Charge during the Design
Charge Duration, as set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Design Storage Energy" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Development Abandonment" means (i) the permanent cessation by Resource Provider of the
development and construction of the Facility being installed by Resource Provider after the Closing
Date and prior to the Commercial Operation Date, as evidenced by Resource Provider's or its
construction contractors' personnel having withdrawn from the Site (unless Resource Provider
demonstrates otherwise) and Resource Provider having otherwise ceased development and
construction activities related to the Facility for more than one hundred twenty (120) consecutive
Days for any reason other than as a result of Force Majeure affecting Resource Provider or a PREPA
Risk Event; or (ii) Resource Provider's failure to fund the PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work
in accordance with the Interconnection Agreement.
"Discharge Duration" means the shortest period of time required by the Facility to reduce the
State of Charge from one hundred percent (100%) to zero percent (0%) when discharging at Dm"
as evidenced by the Performance Tests.
"Discharge Energy" or "DE" means, for any period of time, the Energy delivered by the Facility
at the Interconnection Point, while operating in Discharge Mode (expressed in MWh) during such
period, as measured in accordance with Section 8.4 (Meter Reading).
"Discharge Mode" means the mode of operation whereby the Facility decreases the State of
Charge by delivering Discharge Energy to, or making available Ancillary Services at, the
Interconnection Point.
"Disclosing Party" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 12.9 (Confidentiality).
"Dispatch Notice" means the operating instruction and any subsequent updates given by PREPA
(directly or through the SCADA system) to Resource Provider, directing the Facility to operate in
Discharge Mode at a specified megawatt output.
"Dispute" has the meaning setforth in Section 21.1 (Scope of the Dispute Resolution Provisions).
"Dispute Notice" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.2 (Commencement of
the Dispute Resolution Procedure).
"Dispute Resolution Procedure" has the meaning set forth in Section 21.1 (Scope of the Dispute
Resolution Provisions).
7

--- Page 15 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy 1d.0
"Wu" means the maximum quantity of steady-state power capacity (expressed in MW) that the
Facility can continuously deliver as Discharge Energy at the Interconnection Point to reduce the
State of Charge from one hundred percent (100%) to zero percent (0%), as evidenced by the
Performance Tests.
"D'"ax Duration" means the duration of time during which the Facility can continuously deliver
Discharge Energy at D'°°" on a sustained basis to the Interconnection Point.
"Dpi'"" means the minimum steady-state power capacity (expressed in MW) that the Facility can
continuously deliver below which the Facility cannot discharge on a sustained basis, measured by
the Main Meters at the Interconnection Poínt.
"dollars" and "S" means United States dollars.
"Efficiency Liquidated Damages" or "ELD" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section
3 (Efficiency) of Appendix P (Performance Guarantee).
"Emergency" means an operational condition or situation affecting the Grid System (including
system security and reliability or a declaration of an emergency event under Applicable Law or by
any Governmental Authority) or the Facility, which has resulted in, or will likely result in, imminent
significant disruption of service to a significant number of customers or likely endangers life or
property.
"Energy" means three-phase, 60 -cycle AC electric energy, measured in MWh.
"Energy Degradation Factor" means the amount equal to:(I - Annual Duration Energy
Degradation Rate) ^ number of Agreement Years completed.
"Energy Storage Services" means, collectively or individually, the acceptance of Charge Energy
at the Facility, the storing of Energy in the Facility, and the delivery of Discharge Energy from the
Facility at the Interconnection Point, all in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
"Environmental Costs" means any and all fixed and variable costs incurred by Resource Provider
resulting from the imposition or assessment on, or as a result of the ownership or operations of, the
Facility by Applicable Law relating to the environment, issued by a Governmental Authority.
"Equity" means any capital paid or caused to be paid by or on behalf of Resource Provider's
Shareholders or their Affiliates to Resource Provider for shares in Resource Provider or in the form
of Shareholder loans to Resource Provider, which by their terms are subordinated to any
indebtedness for borrowed money incurred by Resource Provider under Financing Documents with
the Project Lenders.
"Equity Transfer" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 19.4 (Restrictions on
Equity Transfers).
"Exceptions" means liability arising from:
a.Resource Provider's fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence;
b.Resource Provider's obligation to indemnify the other Party's Indemnitees under Section
13.1 (General) for personal injury or death of a third party;
8

--- Page 16 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
c.Resource Provider's indemnity obligation under Section 13.3 (Claims Arising From
Environmental Harm); or
d.Resource Provider's obligation to pay/provide credit for Liquidated Damages under this
Agreement.
"Expedited Permitting Process" has the meaning set forth in Title V of PROMESA.
"Facility" means the energy storage facility known as Salinas BESS, located at the Site and capable
of accepting Charge Energy at the applicable Charge Point and delivering Discharge Energy and
Ancillary Services at the Interconnection Point, and includes all of the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities and any generation system, capacity expansion, or other upgrades to such
energy storage facility from time to time, as further describedin Appendix J (Operating
Characteristics).
"Facility Availability" or "FA" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 4 (Facility
Availability) of Appendix F (Compensation).
"Facility Availability Adjustment" or "FAA" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of
Section 4 (Facility Availability)of Appendix F (Compensation).
"Facility Construction Contract" means the primary contract for the construction of the Facility
entered into between Resource Provider and one or more contractors prior to the Construction Start
Date.
"Facility Study" means, for each proposal selected by PREPA for phase III evaluation and contract
negotiation of proposals under the RFP, an engineering study to determine required additions or
modifications to the Grid System, including the cost and scheduled completion date for such
additions or modifications, required to provide grid support services needed to integrate the Facility
into the Grid System.
"Feasibility Study" means, for each proposal selected by PREPA for phase I1 project committee
review and recommendation under the RFP, a study of the feasibility of such proposal, including
the interconnection of the Project with the Grid System.
"Financing Documents" means any and all loan agreements, notes, bonds, indentures, security
agreements, direct agreements, assignments and acknowledgements, registration or disclosure
statements,_ subordination agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, credit agreements, intercreditor
agreements, note or bond purchase agreements, hedging agreements, participation agreements other
documents entered into by the Resource Provider relating to the financing of the Project and/or the
refinancing thereof provided by any Project Lender, including any modifications, supplements,
extensions, renewals and replacements of any such financing or refinancing.
"FOMB" means the Financial Oversight & Management Board for Puerto Rico or any successor
thereto.
"TOMB Certification" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 16.2 (Certain
Material Breaches).
"Force Majeure" has the meaning set forth in Article I4 (Force Majeure).
9

--- Page 17 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Force Majeure Waiting Period" means, for each Agreement Year, seven hundred twenty (720)
hours.
"Full Duty Cycle" means the operation of the Facility in Discharge Mode during the Discharge
Duration immediately followed by the operation of the Facility in Charge Mode for the Charging
Duration.
"GAAP" means Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, as promulgated by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board or its predecessors or successors.
"Governmental Authority" means any court, tribunal or governmental or quasi -governmental
body, regulatory body, agency, authority, office, department, commission, board, bureau, public
corporation, municipality or instrumentality, in each case at any federal, state, Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, county, municipal, or local level, having jurisdiction over a Party, the Facility or the
Site, including FOMB and PREB, but excluding PREPA.
"Green Credits" means "renewable energy certificates" and "environmental and social attributes,"
as defined in the Green Energy Incentives Act of Puerto Rico (Act No. 83 of July 19, 2010),
renewable energy credits, environmental attributes, emissions reductions, offsets, allowances or
benefits however entitled (or payments in lieu thereof), whether monetary, fiscal or in the form of
physical property, which are now or in the future may be available to the Facility, as a facility that
generates or produces electricity by means of "green energy" (as defined in Act No. 83 of July 19,
2010), or from renewable or non-polluting resources, granted or available to Resource Provider as
the owner or operator of the Facility or otherwise, in each case, from any Governinental Authority
or third party, including renewable energy credits established pursuant to Act No. 83 of July 19,
2010, but shall exclude (i) any Tax Credits and grants in lieu thereof, (ii) other tax incentives,
benefits or credits, including those available under Puerto Rico Act 60-2019, (iii) any accelerated
depreciation, and (iv) proceeds from (i) through (iii), in each case, associated with the Facility or
otherwise available to Resource Provider, each of which (i) through (iii) Resource Provider
expressly reserves.
"Grid System" means the interconnected network of high voltage transmission lines, low voltage
distribution lines, and associated electric substations owned by PREPA (including the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities and System Upgrades, in each case upon their completion), located on
PREPA's side of the Interconnection Point, which transmit and distribute electricity to customers
in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
"Grid System Event" means any condition in the Grid System or act or omission of PREPA that
prevents or impairs PREPA from (i) other than during thc ITC Period, making Charge Energy
available at the Interconnection Point while the Facility operates in Charge Mode, or (ii) taking
delivery of Discharge Energy or Ancillary Services made available by Resource Provider at the
Interconnection Point while the Facility operates in Discharge Mode, including (a) any curtailment,
reduction, or disconnection instructions issued by PREPA in a Dispatch Notice or Charge Notice
issued by PREPA (or otherwise) for any reason, including as a result of low demand for electricity
in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and including any instruction from T&D Operator preventing
Resource Provider from reconnecting, or (b) any condition in the Grid System (including an
Emergency affecting such system) that causes or may cause physical damage to the Facility or life
endangerment, and any damage to or the tripping of protection relays installed in the Facility with
settings as instructed by PREPA, but in each case excluding any such event resulting from Force
Majeure affecting Resource Provider or a PREPA Risk Event pursuant to paragraphs (a), (c), (d)
and (e) of such definition.
10

--- Page 18 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Grid System Waiting Period" means, for each Agreement Year, eighty (80) hours,
"Guaranteed Capability" or "GC' has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 2
(Capability) of Appendix P (Performance Guarantee).
"Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date" means the second (2") anniversary of the Closing
Date, as adjusted in accordance with Section 3.4 (Extensions of Time).
"Guaranteed Construction Start Date" means the date for Construction Start that corresponds to
the time for completion/occurrence in the Milestone Schedule, as adjusted in accordance with
Section 3.4 (Extensions of Time).
"Guaranteed Efficiency" or "GE" means a guaranteed measure stated as the ratio of the Discharge
Energy to Charge Energy of the Facility (expressed as a percentage) during a Billing Period, as set
forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"hour" means each period of sixty (60) minutes, with the first such period for any Day beginning
at 00:00 (Puerto Rico Time) and including each sixty (60) -minute interval thereafter.
"IF Completion Notice" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 4.4 (Pre -
Synchronization Testing).
"Indemn i tees" means, with respect to either PREPA or Resource Provider, (i) permitted successors
and assigns, and (ii) as to both the Party and its permitted successors and assigns, their respective
lenders, Affiliates, directors, officers, equity -holders, partners, employees, representatives, agents
and contractors, and each of their respective heirs, successors and assigns.
"Indemnifying Party" has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1 (General).
"Independent Expert" means an engineering consulting firm, jointly appointed and engaged by
the Parties.
"Initial Performance Tests" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 5.3 (Initial
Performance Tests).
"Initial Synchronization" means the first time that Resource Provider synchronizes the Facility
with the Grid System.
"Initial Synchronization Date" means the date on which Initial Synchronization occurs.
"InsolvencyEvent"meansanybankruptcy,insolvency,reorganization,arrangement,
readjustment, composition, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to Resource Provider or
any of its respective properties or creditors, or any action taken by any trustec or receiver of
Resource Provider or by any court in any such proceeding.
"Interconnection Agreement" means the interconnection agreement between Resource Provider
and PREPA in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Resource Provider, which sets out the
terms upon which the Facility will connect and remain connected to the Grid System, as amended
from time to time.
"Interconnection Facilities" means the PREPA interconnection Facilities and the Resource
Provider Interconnection Facilities.
11
(15

--- Page 19 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Interconnection Point" means the physical point, located at the PREPA transmission center or
substation, at which the Facility connects to the Grid System, as specified in Section 1 (Description
of the Interconnection Facilities) of Appendix H (Interconnection Description and Specifications).
"Interest" means the compensation for the accrual of monetary obligations under this Agreement
computed Monthly and prorated daily from the time each such obligation becomes past due based
on an annual interest rate equal to the lesser of: (i) (a) for payments due during the first five (5)
Days after such a payment becomes due, in each case, the Prime Commercial Lending Rate as set
by Citibank NA., New York, New York or any other bank as mutually agreed by the Parties or any
other equivalent rate as mutually agreed by the Parties (for the purposes of this definition, the
"Prime Rate"), and (b) for payments due beginning on the sixth (61) Day after such a payment is
due, the Prime Rate plus five percent (5%); and (ii) the maximum rate allowable under Article 1 169
of the Puerto Rico Civil Code or successor statute applicable to past due amounts. The provisions
of this definition shall not be construed to limit the applicable rate of interest on the project debt.
"ITC Period" means the period that commences on the Closing Date and expires on the earlier to
occur of (i) the date on which the ITC Renewable Energy Charging Requirement is eliminated,
terminates or expires under Applicable Law, (ií) the fifth (5th) anniversary of the Commercial
Operation Date, and (iii) the termination of the PPOA.
"ITC -Related Net Losses" means the net present value of investor tax credits, arising under
Internal Revenue Code § 48(a)(3)(i) in the future, which Resource Provider cannot claim or must
repay as a result of the early termination of the PPOA during the ITC Period.
"ITC Renewable Energy Charging Requirement" means the requirement under Treasury
Regulations § 1.48-9(d)(6) that a storage device derive not more than a specified percentage of its
charging energy from sources other than solar energy to qualify for (or to avoid recapture of) the
investment tax credit available for "energy property" under Internal Revenue Code § 48(a)(3Xi).
"kW" means kilowatt.
"kWh" means kilowatt-hour.
"Legal Challenge" means any action, suit or proceeding brought or commenced by a third party
(excluding any Affiliate of a Party) seeking to (i) contest the validity of this Agreement, any Permits
or the development, construction, or operation of the Facility or PREPA Interconnection Facilities
which materially impairs the ability of the Parties to perform their respective obligations hereunder
or delays the development, financing, construction or operation of the Facility or PREPA
Interconnection Facilities, or (ii) avoid, enjoin, rescind, set aside, stay, subordinate, or otherwise
alter or impair, the RFP, this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby in any way.
"Liquidated Damages" means, collectively, Capability Shortfall Liquidated Damages, Resource
Provider Delay Liquidated Damages, Availability Liquidated Damages, Capability Liquidated
Damages, and Efficiency Liquidated Damages.
"Long -Stop Date" means the earlier to occur of (i) the first date on which accrued Resource
Provider Delay Liquidated Damages (determined without reference to the operation of paragraph
(c) of Section 3.5 (Delay Liquidated Damages)) exceed the Security Amount, and (ii) the one
hundred eightieth (180th) Day after the Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date.
12

--- Page 20 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PR EPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Main Meters" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 8.1(Meter Ownership &
Maintenance).
"Malware" means computer software, code or instructions that: (i) intentionally, and with malice
intent by a third party, adversely affect the operation, security or integrity of a computing,
telecommunications or other digital operating or processing system or environment, including
without limitation, other programs, data, databases, computer libraries and computer and
communications equipment, by altering, destroying, disrupting or inhibiting such operation,
security or integrity; (ii) without functional purpose, self -replicate written manual intervention; (iii)
purport to perform a useful function but which actually performs either a destructive or harmful
function, or perform no useful function other than utilize substantial computer, telecommunications
or memory resources with the intent of causing harm; or (iv) without authorization collect and/or
transmit to third parties any information or data, including such software, code or instructions
commonly known as viruses, trojans, logic bombs, worms, adware and spyware.
"Maximum Storage Energy" means the quantity (expressed in MWh) of Energy which the
Facility makes available at the Interconnection Point while operating in Discharge Mode from one
hundred percent (100%) State of Charge to zero percent (0%) State of Charge.
"Milestone" means any of the milestone events set out in the column captioned"Milestone"in the
table set forth in the Milestone Schedule.
"Milestone Schedule" means the schedule set out in Appendix D(Milestone Schedule).
"Minimum Acceptance Capability" has the meaning set forth in item (2), paragraph (b) of Section
5.3 (Initial Performance Tests).
"Minimum Down Time" means the amount of time that the Facility must stay off-line after a
shutdown priortothenextStart -Up,asfurtherdescribedinAppendixJ(Operating
Characteristics).
"Minimum Run Time" means the amount of time that the Facility must stay synchronizing with
the Grid System after a Start -Up prior to a subsequent shutdown, as further described in Appendix
J (Operating Characteristics).
"Modification Limit" means one million three hundred sixty-one thousand six hundred ten dollars
($1,361,610), representing one percent (1.0%) of Resource Provider's total estimated cost for the
construction, testing, and commissioning of the Facility as of the Agreement Date.
"Month" means a calendar month, which shall begin at 00:00 on the first Day of such calendar
month and end at 00:00 on the first Day of the next calendar month.
"Monthly Contract Capability" or "MCC" has the meaning set forth in Section 3(Monthly
Contract Capability) of AppendixF(Compensation).
"Monthly Fixed Payment" or "MFP" has the meaning set forth in Section 2(Monthly Fixed
Payment)of Appendix F(Compensation).
"Monthly Payment" has the meaning set forth in Section I(Monthly Payment)of Appendix F
(Compensation).
13

--- Page 21 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"MTRs" means the minimum technical requirements applicable to the Facility for connection of
the Facility to the Grid System set forth in Appendix K (Minimum Technical Requirements), as
PREPA may modify or replace from time to time after the Closing Date in accordance with Section
4.2 (Modifications).
"MW" means megawatt.
"MWh" means megawatt -hour.
"Negotiation Period" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.3 (Negotiation).
"Non -Affected Party" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (d) of Section 14.1 (General).
"Non -Refundable Fee" means a non-refundable fee determined by PREPA and initially notified
to Resource Provider prior to the Agreement Date, which (i) partially offsets PREPA's cost to
conduct a System Impact Study and a Facility Study of all proposals that receive a Best Interest
Determination under the RFP process, including the proposal submitted by Resource Provider in
response to the RFP, and (ii) shall be determined by dividing the total cost of such studies
proportionally among all such proposals based oil the installed kW capacity of such proposals.
"Non -Scheduled Derating" means any Derating other than a Scheduled Derating.
"Non -Scheduled Outage" means any Outage other than a Scheduled Outage.
"OMA" means the Operation and Maintenance Agreement, dated 22 June 2020, among PREPA,
P3A, LUMA Energy LLC and LUMA Energy Servco LLC.
"Operating Characteristics" has the meaning set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Operating Day" means a Day within the Supply Period on which the Facility operates.
"Operating Procedures" means the procedures for the Facility's operation and integration into the
Grid System, as set out in Appendix L (Operating Procedures), as amended from time to time.
"Opt -Out Date" means the date that occurs one hundred sixty-five (165) Days after the Resource
Provider Execution Date.
"Other Force Majeure" means any Force Majeure other than a Political Force Majeure caused by
any Government Authority of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (at any level).
"Other Minimum AcceptanceCriteria"means,collectively,theMTRs,Operating
Characteristics, and any other criteria set out in the Testing Protocol and Operating Procedures.
"Outage" means, for any period of time, Resource Provider's failure or inability to make available
Energy Storage Services at the Interconnection Point for any reason (including Resource Provider's
failure to deliver Charge Energy as required by this Agreement).
"P3A" means the Public -Private Partnership Authority of Puerto Rico or any successor thereto.
"Party" and "Parties" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.
14
13t

--- Page 22 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Payment Guarantee" means a completed version of a guarantee in the form set forth in Appendix
AA (Form of Payment Guarantee), duly -executed by an authorized representative of the Permitted
Guarantor.
"Payment Guarantee Cross -Default" means, during the Term (as defined in Section1.1
(General) of the Payment Guarantee), the occurrence of the following two events: (i) a breach of
any of the representations made by the Permitted Guarantor under Section 2.1 (Representations),
or any of the obligations of the Permitted Guarantor arising out of Section 2.2 (Covenants), of the
Payment Guarantee, and (ii) Resource Provider's failure to rectify such breach within sixty (60)
Days of the occurrence of such breach, including through the delivery of a replacement Payment
Guarantee executed by an Affiliate of Resource Provider that satisfies the "Unrestricted Net Worth
Requirement" (as defined in Section 1.1 (General) of the Payment Guarantee).
"Pending Permit Delay" means, for any Permit for which Resource Provider has duly and properly
applied and has exercised / continues to exercise diligent efforts to obtain, the denial of or delay in
granting such Pennit by the relevant Governmental Authority for any reason, other than Resource
Provider's failure to comply with the requirements for the issuance of such Permit, which materially
impairs the ability of Resource Provider to achieve Commercial Operation or otherwise perform its
obligations under this Agreement.
"Performance Guarantee" means the guarantee setforthin Appendix P (Performance
Guarantee).
"Performance Security" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 2.5 (Performance
Security).
"Performance Tests" means tests which verify that (1) the Facility can accept Charge Energy at
the applicable Charge Point and deliver Discharge Energy and Ancillary Services atthe
Interconnection Point in accordance with the Operating Characteristics, (ii) the Facility meets the
Performance Guarantee, and (iii)the Facility complies with each of the Other Minimum
Acceptance Criteria, in each case in accordance with the Testing Protocol,
"Permits" means all permits, licenses, approvals, authorizations, consents, variances, or waivers
issued by a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over Resource Provider and the Facility
which Resource Provider or its contractors will require for the development, construction,
ownership, start-up, operation, maintenance, or financing of the Facility, including those set out in
Appendix E (Resource Provider Permits).
"Permitted Guarantor" means any Person that (i) directly or indirectly holds an ownership interest
of at least twenty-five percent (25 %) in Resource Provider and (ii) has an Unrestricted Net Worth
of at least seventy-five million dollars ($ 75,000,000).
"Permitted Outage Hour" means any hour during the Supply Period in which an Outage or
Derating occurs as a result of a Scheduled Outage, Scheduled Derating, Force Majeure affecting
Resource Provider or a PREPA Risk Event.
"Person" means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, joint venture,
association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization, or a government or agency or
political subdivision thereof.
"Political Force Majeure" has the meaning given in Section 14.2 (Instances of Force Majeure).
15

--- Page 23 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Post -Resource Provider Execution Date Environmental Costs" means any Environmental
Costs resulting from measures required to comply with a Change -of -Law.
"Post -Resource Provider Execution Date Taxes" means any additional Taxes resulting from
measures required to comply with a Change -of -Law.
"Power Purchase and Operating Agreement" or "PPOA" means the power purchase and
operating agreement between PREPA and Resource Provider for the Co -Located Renewable
Energy Resource dated on or about the date of this Agreement.
"PPOA Excused Event" means any outage of the Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource caused
by a "Scheduled Outage" (as defined in the PPOA), or a "PREPA Risk Event" (as defined in the
PPOA).
"PPOA Closing Date" means "Closing Date" as such term is defined in the PPOA.
"PPOA Commercial Operation Date" means "Commercial Operation Date" as such term is
defined in the PPOA.
"PPOA Outage" means any "Outage" as such term is defined in the PPOA.
"Pre -Operation Period" means the period of time from (and including) the Closing Date up to
(but excluding) the Commercial Operation Date.
"PREB" means the Puerto Rico Energy Bureau or any successor thereto.
"PREB Extension Approval" has the meaning given in paragraph (b) of Section 3.4 (Extensions
of Time).
"PREPA" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.
"PREPA Bankruptcy" means the proceeding commenced pursuant to the Puerto Rico Oversight,
Management, and Economic Stability Act (PROMESA), pending as of the Agreement Date in the
PROMESA Court, Case No. 17-4780.
"PREPA Delay Liquidated Damages" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 3.5
(Delay Liquidated Damages).
"PREPA Design Criteria Documents" or "DC Ds" has the meaning set forth in item (1),paragraph
(a) of Section 2 (Interconnection Point Specifications) of Appendix H (Interconnection Description
and Specifications).
"PREPA Interconnection Cost" means PREPA's estimate of the cost of the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities Work, as initially notified by PREPA to Resource Provider in accordance
with the Facility Study and the System Impact Study prior to the Agreement Date and to be finalized
in accordance with the Interconnection Agreement.
"PREPA Interconnection Facilities" means all equipment and facilities (including the Main
Meters) located on PREPA's side of the Interconnection Point, constructed and installed or
upgraded for the purpose of interconnecting the Facility with the remainder of the Grid System, as
further described in Appendix H (Interconnection Description and Specifications) and not
16

--- Page 24 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF,PA & Clean Flexible Energy I,I,C
including communication, control, or protection equipment for which this Agreement assigns
responsibility to Resource Provider.
"PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section
3.2 (Resource Provider's Development Obligations).
"PREPA Performance Test" means a Performance Test that Resource Provider shall conduct at
PREPA's request in accordance with Section 6.9 (Supply Period Performance Tests).
"PREPA Risk Event" means any of the following events:
aForce Majeure or a Legal Challenge in each case affecting PREPA;
b.a Grid System Event;
c.a breach, delay, or failure by PREPA in performing any material obligation under this
Agreement or the Interconnection Agreement;
d.following any modifications to the MTRs, DCDs or the requirements for protective devices
in the Interconnection Facilities under Section 4.2 (Modifications), the duration of the delay
caused by, or the Facility's unavailability resulting from, the period reasonably required by
Resource Provider to carry out changes to the Facility to comply with such modifications;
or
e.any delay in the completion of the PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work beyond the date
identifiedasthetimeforcompletion/occurrence of theMilestoneforInitial
Synchronization in the table set forth in Appendix D (Milestone Schedule), as adjusted in
accordance with Section 3.4 (Extensions of Time) by either Party;
which, in each case, did not result from an act or omission of Resource Provider, Force Majeure
affecting Resource Provider or the circumstances described in Section 7.2 (Curtailment for
Breach).
"Product" means all Discharge Energy, Ancillary Services, and Green Credits made available from
or otherwise derived in connection with the operation of the Facility.
"Project" has the meaning set forth in Recital B of the preamble of this Agreement.
"Project Lenders" means any Person providing, arranging, insuring or guaranteeing all or part of
the construction or permanent financing, refinancing or other funding, including any tax equity
financing, for the Facility, the PREPA Interconnection Facilities, or any portion thereof, or any
agent, trustee or other Person representing or acting on behalf of any such Person.
"PROMESA" means Public Law No: 114-187 (June 30, 2016), otherwise known as the Puerto
Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act.
"PROMESA Court" means the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico.
"Proposed Design" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 4.1 (Proposed Design).
"Proposed Initial Synchronization Date" has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 (Scheduling
Synchronization).
cs)....3....
17

--- Page 25 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Prudent Utility Practices" means the spectrum of possible practices, methods, conduct, and
actions (including the practices, methods, conduct, and actions engaged in or approved by a
significant portion of the power industry in the United States) that, at a particular time, in the
exercise of reasonable discretion at the time a decision was made, could have been expected to
accomplish the desired result in a manner consistent with Applicable Laws and Applicable
Standards for reliability, safety and economy.
"PSS/E" means power system simulation for engineering, a commercial software product
developed by Siemens PTI Inc.
"Puerto Rico Controller" means the Office of the Controller for the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico.
"Qualified Bank" means a national bank, national association, commercial bank or other financial
institution organized under the laws of the United States or a political subdivision thereof or validly
existing in the country of its organization and registered to do business in the United States, having
a branch located within Puerto Rico or the contiguous United States, in each case that has a long-
term issuer rating of at least (1) if headquartered within Puerto Rico, then "B+" by Standard &
Poor's Ratings Services, "Bi" by Moody's Investors Services Inc., or "B+" by Filch Ratings Inc.
or (ii) if headquartered outside of Puerto Rico, then "A-" by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services,
"A3" by Moody's Investors Services Inc., or "A-" by Fitch Ratings Inc., or in each case if the
relevant rating agencies cease to engage in business or rate the obligations in question, then an
equivalent rating from another internationally recognized rating agency selected by Resource
Provider with the written consent of PREPA; provided that, if such financial institution's ratings
satisfy such minimum ratings, no other credit rating agency shall have placed such financial
institution on credit watch with negative implications.
"Qualified Operator" means Resource Provider, an Affiliate of Resource Provider or a Sponsor,
or, if a third party contractor of Resource Provider or its Affiliate, an entity with at least two (2)
years' experience operating facilities of a similar type and size as the Facility or another qualified
and experienced operator reasonably acceptable to PREPA.
"Qualified Sponsor" has the meaning set forth in item (3), paragraph (a) of Section 19.4
(Restrictions on Equity Transfers).
"Qualified Transferee" has the meaning set forth in item (3), paragraph (a) of Section 19.4
(Restrictions on Equity Transfers).
"Receiving Party" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 12.9 (Confidentiality).
"Registry" has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5 (Green Credits).
"Renewable Energy Charge" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (d) of Section 7.6
(Unauthorized Charge and Renewable Energy Charge).
"Resource Provider" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Agreement.
"Resource Provider Delay Liquidated Damages" or "RPDLD" means the amount per Day of
delay set forth in the column captioned "Resource Provider Delay Liquidated Damages", which
corresponds to the Milestone captioned "Commercial Operation", expressed as $ per Day, in the
Milestone Schedule.
 18

--- Page 26 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Resource Provider Execution Date" means the date on which Resource Provider executes and
delivers this Agreement as set forth immediately below Resource Provider's signature line.
"Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities" means all equipment and facilities (including
Resource Provider's meters and metering equipment), located on Resource Provider's side of the
interconnection Point, constructed and installed for the purpose of interconnecting the Facility with
the Grid System, as further describedin Appendix 11(Interconnection Description and
Specifications).
"Resource Provider Liability Cap" means thirty-four million forty thousand two hundred fifty
dollars ($34,040,250), representing twenty-five percent (25%) of Resource Provider's estimated
Project costs.
"Resource Provider Performance Test" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 6.9
(Supply Period Performance Tests).
"Restricted Person" means any Person that has been, or that has any Affiliate that has been, within
the past ten (10) years: (i) charged with, or convicted of, money laundering, drug trafficking,
terrorist -related activities or other money laundering predicate crimes under any Applicable Law,
(ii) assessed civil penalties under any such Applicable Laws; or (iii) had any of its finds seized or
forfeited in an action under any such Applicable Laws.
"Revitalization Coordinator" has the meaning set forth in Title V of PROMESA.
"RNP" has the meaning set forth in Recital A in the preamble of this Agreement.
"SCADA" means the Facility's supervisory control and data acquisition system, which may include
equipment installed by Resource Provider in accordance with PREPA requirements.
"Scheduled Derating" means a planned Derating that Resource Provider has coordinated in
advance with PREPA with a mutually agreed commencement date, time, and duration, and set out
in the Scheduled Maintenance Program pursuant to Article 6 (Operation of the Facility).
"Scheduled Discharge Energy" means, for any Billing Period, the aggregate quantity of Discharge
Energy scheduled for delivery by the Facility to the Interconnection Point during such period, as
set out in any and all Dispatch Notices issued by PREPA in respect of such period in accordance
with Section 7. I (Dispatching).
"Scheduled Maintenance Program" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 6.3
(Scheduled Maintenance).
"Scheduled Outage" means a planned Outage that Resource Provider has coordinated in advance
with PREPA with a mutually agreed commencement and duration, and set out in the Scheduled
Maintenance Program pursuant to Article 6 (Operation of the Facility).
"Security Amount" means (i) prior to the Commercial Operation Date, twelve and one-half United
States Dollars ($12.5) per kWh multiplied by Design Dm" (expressed as kW) multiplied by the
Design D"'" Duration or such higher amount as agreed in accordance with paragraph (c) of Section
3.5 (Delay Liquidated Damages), and (ii) on and after the Commercial Operation Date, seventeen
and one-half United States Dollars ($17.5) per kWh multiplied by Design Dm"" (expressed as kW)
multiplied by the Design Dma" Duration.
19

--- Page 27 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Service of Process Agent" has the meaning set forth in Section 1.1 (Genera!) of the Payment
Guarantee.
"Shareholder" means, for any time of determination, any direct holder of capital stock in Resource
Provider at such time.
"Site" means the approximately three hundred and ninety-six (396) acres of land located in Aguirre,
Salinas, Puerto Rico, as further described in Appendix G (Facility Site).
"Sponsor" means, for each Shareholder of, or a Person holding a partnership or membership
interest in, Resource Provider on the Agreement Date, the ultimate parent company of such
Shareholder or Person.
"Stand-by Energy Consumption" means the average hourly consumption of Energy by the
Facility, measured over twenty-four (24) consecutive hours while the Facility operates in Storage
Mode.
"Stand-by Self Discharge" means the difference between a starting SOC at seventy-five percent
(75%) and the ending SOC at the conclusion of a twenty-four (24) hour period while the Facility
standsidlebut ready for immediate operation,assetforthin AppendixJ(Operating
Characteristics).
"Start -Up" means the action of bringing the Facility from non -operation to operation at the
Facility's D'"`", as specified in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics), and the Facility operates at
steady state mode for a minimum of the lesser of one (I) hour or the Minimum Run Time (per
Appendix J (Operating Characteristics)).
"State of Charge" or "SOC" means for any time of determination the amount of Stored Energy at
such time expressed as a percent of the Maximum Storage Energy.
"Station Use" means the electrical load of the Facility's auxiliary equipment that is necessary for
the operation of the Facility as set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics). The auxiliary
equipment includes, but is not limited to, forced and induced draft fans, air conditioner systems,
heating systems, cooling towers, plant lighting and control systems, any heating or cooling
equipment necessary to keep energy storage componentry within their normal operating
temperatures, any motors or pumps required for moving material within the energy storage system,
and any other electrical loads required in order for the Facility to provide Energy Storage Services.
"Station Use Meters" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 8.1 (Meter Ownership
& Maintenance).
"Storage Mode" means a mode of operation whereby the Facility stands idle but ready for
immediate operation as set forth in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Stored Energy Level" or "SEL" means, at a particular time, the quantity of Energy stored in the
Facility at such time, expressed in MWh.
"Subject Time Extension Claim" has the meaning given in paragraph (b) of Section 3.4
(Extensions of Time).
20

--- Page 28 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Substantial Completion Notice" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (f) of Section 4.4 (Pre -
Synchronization Testing).
"Supply Period" means the period that commences on the Commercial Operation Date and expires
on the twenty-fifth (259') anniversary thereof.
"System Impact Study" means, for each proposal selected by PREPA for the phase Ill evaluation
and contract negotiation of proposals under the RFP, a study that will, at a minimum, (i) determine
the power capabilities of the major interconnection equipment required to complete the
Interconnection Facilities, (ii) specify the maximum fault currents necessary to specify short circuit
duty and interrupting ratings for the electrical equipment, (iii) approve or disapprove generator
step-up (GSU) transformer impedance and reactive compensation equipment for proper control of
voltage and reactive power flow, (iv) quantify the impact to the Grid System and the actions
required to mitigate such impact, and (v) specify the Proposed Design requirements for the Facility
and the PREPA Interconnection Facilities.
"System Upgrades" means the additions or modifications to the Grid System needed to integrate
the Facility into the Grid System, as set out in the Facility Study and the System Impact Study.
"T&D Operator" means I..UMA Energy, LLC, or any future operator of Puerto Rico's electric
power transmission and distribution system and any of LUMA Energy, LLC's or such operator's
Affiliates, including PREPA's assignee under the circumstances described in Section 19.2
(PREPA's Right to Assign).
"Tax Credits" means the production or investment tax credits (including any grants or payment in
lieu thereof) and any tax deductions or other benefits under the Internal Revenue Code or other
Applicable Law available as a result of the ownership and operation of the Facility or the output
generated by the Facility (including, without limitation, tax credits (including any grants or
payments in lieu thereof) and accelerated and/or bonus depreciation).
"Taxes" means any and all taxes, fees or other charges of any nature whatsoever, including tariffs,
duties, income taxes and repatriation (tollgate) taxes, imposed or assessed by a Governmental
Authority responsible for implementing Applicable Law relating to tax on or as a result of the
construction, ownership or operations of the Facility.
"Technical Dispute" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 21.3 (Negotiation).
"Technical Input" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (c) of Section 4.1 (Proposed Design).
"Technical Recommendation" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.4
(Technical Recommendation).
"Term" has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 (Initial Term).
"Termination Balance" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 17.2 (Tracking
Account).
"Termination Date" means the date of the earliest to occur of any of the events set forth in Section
15.1 (Termination Date).

--- Page 29 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
"Tested Duration Energy" or "TDE" means the quantity (expressed in MWh) of Discharge
Energy which the Facility makes available when discharging at D'"" over the Design Dmex Duration
following charging starting at zero percent (0%) State of Charge over the Design Charge Duration,
as demonstrated in the most recent Performance Test.
"Testing Protocol" means PREPA's standard protocols for testing and commissioning of energy
storage facilities set forth in Appendix M (Testing Protocol), as amended from time to time.
"Threshold Availability" or "TA" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 1 (Facility
Availability) of Appendix P (Performance Guarantee).
"Tracking Account" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 17.2 (Tracking
Account).
"Transfer" has the meaning set forth in Section 19.2 (PREPA's Right to Assign).
"Tribunal" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (a) of Section 21.5 (Arbitration).
"Unauthorized Charge" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (b) of Section 7.6 (Unauthorized
Charge and Renewable Energy Charge).
"Unit" means a segregable component of the Facility which may be operated independently of
other components of the Facility to provide Energy Storage Services, as more particularly described
in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics), and all appurtenant facilities and equipment, from
which Resource Provider has agreed to provide the Energy Storage Services to PREPA pursuant to
this Agreement, as further described in Appendix J (Operating Characteristics).
"Unrestricted Net Worth" means, for any Person, the sum of (i) the subscribed and paid -up equity
(including additional paid -in capital), and (ii) the Unrestricted Retained Earnings, in each case of
such Person.
"Unrestricted Retained Earnings" means, for any Person, the amount of accumulated profits and
gains realized out of the normal and continuous operations of such Person after deducting
distributions to stockholders and transfers to capital stock or other accounts, and which is (I) not
appropriated by its board of such Person for corporate expansion projects or programs; (ii) not
covered by a restriction for dividend declaration under a loan agreement; (iii) not required to be
retained under special circumstances obtaining in such Person such as when there is a need for a
special reserve for probable contingences; and (iv) not otherwise covered by any other legal
restriction (which refers to any injunction, judgement, or order issued by any judicial authority) on
the ability of such Person to distribute or otherwise apply its equity.
"Wholly -Owned Affiliate" means, with respect to a Sponsor, any Person that:
a.owns directly or indirectly one hundred percent (100%) of the issued share capital and
voting rights of such Sponsor;
b.has one hundred percent (100%) of its issued share capital and voting rights owned directly
or indirectly by such Sponsor; or
22

--- Page 30 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
c.has one hundred percent (100%) of its issued share capital and voting rights owned directly
or indirectly by another Person which owns directly or indirectly one hundred percent
(100%) of the issued share capital and voting rights of such Sponsor.
"Year" means a calendar year, which shall be the twelve (12) Month period beginning 00:00 on
January 1 and ending at 00:00 on the subsequent January 1.
1.2Rules of Interpretation
The rules of interpretation listed below shall apply when interpreting this Agreement:
a.Words importing the singular also include the plural and vice versa.
b.References to natural persons or parties include any person having legal capacity.
c.References to a Person include such Person's successors and assigns; provided that with
respect to a Party and its rights and obligations under this Agreement, references to a Party
shall only include such Party's successors and assigns if this Agreement permits such
successors and assigns.
d.Words importing one gender include the other gender.
e.The words "include" and "including" mean "including, but notlimited to" and
corresponding grammatical variants.
f.Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, all references in this Agreement to this
Agreement (including the Appendices hereto) or to contracts, agreements, or other
documents shall be deemed to mean this Agreement (including the Appendices hereto) and
such contracts, agreements, or other documents, as the same may be modified,
supplemented, or amended from time to time.
g.Except as otherwise expressly stated herein, all references to Sections, Articles, and
Appendices in this Agreement arc references to the Sections, Articles, and Appendices of
this Agreement.
h.Words and abbreviations not defined in this Agreement which have generally accepted
technical or design, engineering, or construction industry meanings are used in this
Agreement in accordance with such recognized meanings.
i.The terms "hereof," "herein," "hereto," "hereunder" and words of similar or like import,
refer to this entire Agreement, together with its Appendices, and not any one particular
Article, Section, Appendix, or other subdivision of this Agreement.
JThe headings contained in this Agreement are used solely for convenience and do not
constitute a part of the Agreement between the Parties hereto, nor should they be used to
aid in any mariner in the construction of this Agreement.
k.References to PREPA in the definitions of Dispatch Notice, Charge Notice and Grid
System Event and in Section 3.6 (Exchange of Information), Section 3.7 (Cooperation);
Article 4 (Facility Design Requirements), Article5(Synchronization,Testing &
Completion), Article 6 (Operation of the Facility), Article 7 (Dispatching & Charging
23

--- Page 31 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Obligations), Section 8.5 (Data), Section 9.1 (General), and Section 9.4 (Ancillary
Services) include its dispatching center(s) and T&D Operator, as applicable.
1.Terms used in the present tense may be interpreted as referring to the past tense and vice
versa.
m.Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed or interpreted to limit in any way
PREB's power and authority under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
2.TERM, EFFECTIVENESS & PERFORMANCE SECURITY
2.1Signing Conditions
The Parties shall complete their respective obligations set out in Appendix B (PREPA Signing
Conditions) no later than the Agreement Date. Resource Provider recognizes that submittal of the
certifications and documents set out in Appendix B (PREPA Signing Conditions) constitute an
essential condition of this Agreement.
2.2Initial Term
The term of this Agreement (the "Term") shall begin with the Agreement Date and continue until
the expiration of the Supply Period, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the
terms hereof. If the Parties extend the Term, then the word "Term" shall thereafter be deemed to
mean the original Term as so extended.
2.3Initial Effectiveness & Closing Date
a.The rights and obligations of the Parties under Article 1 (Definitions & interpretation), this
Article 2, Section 3.6 (Exchange of Information), Section 3.7 (Cooperation), Article 11
(Liability), Article 12 (Representations, Warranties, & Covenants), Article 14 (Force
Majeure), Article 15 (Termination), Article 19 (Assignment & Transfer), Article 20
(Notices), Article 21 (Dispute Resolution) and Article 22 (Miscellaneous Provisions), shall
enter into fú11 force and effect on the Agreement Date (collectively, the "Agreement Date
Obligations"). PREPA shall notify Resource Provider of the Agreement Date within five
(5) Business Days after PREPA executes this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing rights
and obligations that become effective on the Agreement bate, the remaining provisions of
this Agreement shall become effective on the date (the "Closing Date") as of which the
Parties jointly sign a certificate, in the form set forth in Appendix S (Form of Conditions
Precedent Certificate), confirming the satisfaction or waiver of each of the conditions
precedent set out in Appendix C (Conditions Precedent) (the "Conditions Precedent").
The Parties shall issue such certificate within five (5) Business Days after the occurrence
of such satisfaction or waiver. Each Party shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to
satisfy their respective Conditions Precedent (other than the Condition Precedent set forth
in paragraph (e) of Part 3 of Appendix C (Conditions Precedent)) and cause the Closing
Date to occur no later than one hundred eighty (180) Days after the Agreement Date.
b.If either (i) the Closing Date does not occur for any reason within two hundred forty (240)
Days after the Agreement Date, or (ii) PREPA notifies Resource Provider of its intention
either not to (A) accept the Best and Final Offer made by Resource Provider, or (B) issue
a Best Interests Determination for the Project, in each case for any reason whatsoever, then,
without limiting Section 15.2 (No Discharge of Obligations), this Agreement shall
24

--- Page 32 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
automatically terminate at midnight on such Day, provided that upon termination of this
Agreement in accordance with this paragraph (b) of this Section 2.3, (i) neither Party shall
incur any liability to the other Party, and (ii) PREPA shall return the Bid Security to
Resource Provider unless Resource Provider has breached any of the Agreement Date
Obligations in a material way and failed to cure such breach within ten (10) Business Days
of the occurrence of such breach, in which case PREPA shall have the right to draw on the
full face amount of the Bid Security.
c.If PREPA has not issued to Resource Provider a Best Interests Determination for the
Project by the Opt -Out Date, at any time thereafter prior to the date that PREPA issues to
Resource Provider a Best Interests Determination for the Project, and without limiting
paragraph (b) of this Section 2.3, Resource Provider may terminate this Agreement with
immediate effect by notice to PREPA. Without limiting Section 15.2 (No Discharge of
Obligations), if Resource Provider terminates this Agreement in accordance with this
paragraph (c) of this Section 2.3, (i) neither Party shall incur any liability to the other Party,
and (ii) PREPA shall return the Bid Security to Resource Provider unless Resource
Provider has breached any of the Agreement Date Obligations in a material way and failed
to cure such breach within ten (10) Business Days of the occurrence of such breach, in
which case PREPA shall have the right to draw on the full face amount of the Bid Security.
2.4Extension
The Parties may agree to extend the Tenn of this Agreement, with approval from PREB, for up to
two (2) consecutive periods of five (5) Agreement Years each, following the expiration of the initial
Supply Period. Either Party may notify the other of its desire to extend the Term in writing as
provided for under this Section 2.4 not less than eighteen (18) Months prior to the expiration of the
initial Supply Period or extended Supply Period, as the case may be. During any extension, all
provisions contained herein shall remain in effect unless otherwise agreed in writing.
2.5Performance Security
a.To secure the due, proper, timely, and full performance of Resource Provider's obligations
under this Agreement, Resource Provider shall provide to PREPA as a condition precedent
to the Closing Date, at Resource Provider's sole expense, one or more on -first -demand,
irrevocable standby letters of credit issued by a Qualified Bank substantially in the form
set forth in Appendix V (Form of Performance Security) (or cash collateral or other on -
first -demand, irrevocable security acceptable to PREPA in its sole discretion) in an amount
equal to the Security Amount (the "Performance Security").
b.Resource Provider shall (i) maintain the Performance Security in full force and effect and
in accordance with this Agreement until the date that occurs sixty (60) Days after the
expiration of the Term (the "Scheduled Expiration Date"), and (ii) together with the
delivery of each Performance Security or replacement thereof, deliver a written statement
dated as of the delivery date duly signed by its authorized representative certifying that the
issuer of such Performance Security meets the requirements of a Qualified Bank.
c.Resource Provider shall cause a Qualified Bank toissue,reissue or replace any
Performance Security (in compliance with this Section 2.5) in accordance with the
following:
r,
25

--- Page 33 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
1.to the extent that the Performance Security will expire or cease to exist prior to the
Scheduled Expiration Date, then no later than twenty-one (21) Days prior to the
date of such expiration or cessation;
2.in the event that the issuer of the Performance Security ceases to meet the
requirements of a Qualified Bank, then no later than twenty-eight (28) Days after
the date of such cessation; and
3.if the Parties agree to increase the Design Storage Energy, then promptly upon the
date of such agreement.
d.PREPA shall have the right to draw down on the Performance Security (via a full or one
or more partial drawings) to satisfy any outstanding, unpaid amounts owed to PREPA
hereunder or as otherwise specifically provided herein, upon the occurrence of any of the
following events:
1.Construction Start Termination Event;
2.COD Termination Event;
3.Resource Provider's failure to pay Liquidated Damages when due under this
Agreement;
4.Resource Provider's failure to provide replacement Performance Security in
accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section 2.5; provided that (i) PREPA
deposits the amount so drawn in an escrow account in a bank selected by PREPA
until Resource Provider delivers the replacement Performance Security to PREPA
and upon such delivery, PREPA shall cause the release of the undrawn amounts
on deposit in such account to Resource Provider, and (ii) PREPA shall have the
right to draw from the escrow account in accordance with paragraph (d) of this
Section 2.5 and Resource Provider shall bear the costs of opening and maintaining
such escrow account;
5.except as otherwise covered by items (1) to (4), paragraph (d) of this Section 2.5,
a Default by Resource Provider,
6.Payment Guarantee Cross -Default; or
7.any other event that expressly entitles PREPA to draw down or claim on the
Performance Security under this Agreement.
PREPA shall have the right to draw down on the entire undrawn portion of the face amount
of the Performance Security upon the occurrence of (i) the events described in items (I),
(2), (4) and (6), paragraph (d) of this Section 2.5, and (ii) PREPA's termination of this
Agreement following the occurrence of a Default by Resource Provider.
26

--- Page 34 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
3.PRE -OPERATION PERIOD
3.1Consulting Technical Expert
No later than the Closing Date, PREPA shall consult with Resource Provider and appoint an
engineer (the "Consulting Technical Expert") to review technical matters, assist in the resolution
of technical issues, and monitor the works undertaken by, or on behalf of, Resource Provider (i) for
the design, construction and commissioning of the Facility,and (ii) the operation of the Facility
during the Supply Period. PREPA may designate different Consulting Technical Experts for
different purposes under this Agreement. The Consulting Technical Expert's staff shall include
suitably qualified engineers and other professionals who possess the competence to carry out such
duty. The Consulting Technical Expert shall verify that Resource Provider complies with this
Agreement and conduct reviews of works performed by, or on behalf of, Resource Provider in
accordance with Appendix I (Progress Review). Resource Provider shall consider all non -binding
technical recommendations issued by the Consulting Technical Expert in order to comply with the
requirements of this Agreement during the Pre -Operation Period. Whenever carrying out its duties
in accordance with this Agreement, the Consulting Technical Expert shall act on behalf of PREPA.
Any of the foregoing actions undertaken by or on behalf of PREPA shall not relieve Resource
Provider from any responsibility it has under this Agreement.
3.2Resource Provider's Development Obligations
a.Resource Provider shall (i) develop, design, finance, permit, construct, install, test, and
commission the Facility, and (ii) achieve Commercial Operation no later than the
Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date, at its own cost, in accordance with the Milestone
Schedule, the requirements of allPermits, the MTRs, the Approved Design, the
Interconnection Agreement, Prudent UtilityPractices, the other provisions of this
Agreement, Applicable Law and Applicable Standards.
b.Resource Provider shall promptly pay to T&D Operator all amounts invoiced by T&D
Operator in accordance with the Interconnection Agreement for the cost to develop, design,
finance, permit, construct, install, test and commission the PREPA Interconnection
Facilities(the "PREPA InterconnectionFacilities Work"), up tothe PREPA
Interconnection Cost.
c.Resource Provider shall acquire (or lease) all land parcels, easements, rights -of -way, and
other real property rights required to construct, test, commission, own, operate, and repair
the Facility in its own name and at its own cost, and maintain such rights until the expiration
of the Tenn.
d.Resource Provider may, in its discretion, (i) no later than ten (10) Business Days following
the occurrence of the Closing Date, submit to the Revitalization Coordinator an application
for the designation of the Project as a Critical Project with an Expedited Permitting Process,
and (ii) if Resource Provider elects to make such submission, exercise its reasonable efforts
to obtain such designation as promptly as possible.
e.Resource Provider shall submit progress reports to PREPA on the development,
construction, permitting, third -party contracting, and financing of the Facility no later than
the tenth (10'") Business Day of every Month, commencing on the first Month following
the Closing Date and continuing until the Commercial Operation Date. Resource Provider
27

--- Page 35 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
acknowledges that PREPA may keep PREB and other Governmental Authorities apprised
of its progress.
3.3PREPA Development Obligations
PREPA shall develop, design, permit, construct, install,test, and commission the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities no later than fifteen (15) Days before the time for completion/occurrence
of the Milestone for Initial Synchronization, as adjusted in accordance with Section 3.4 (Extensions
of Time) by either Party, provided that Resource Provider has complied with paragraph (b) of
Section 3.2 (Resource Provider's Development Obligations).
3.4Extensions of Tíme
a.Each Party (the "Delayed Party") shall have the right to an extension of the time for the
completion or occurrence of any Milestone or deadline expressly stated herein where (1)
any Other Force Majeure, (2) a breach, delay, or failure by the other Party in performing
any material obligation under this Agreement or the Interconnection Agreement, or (3) (in
the case of Resource Provider only) any Political Force Majeure or other PREPA Risk
Event, in each case directly delays the Delayed Party's (or, in the case of PREPA, T&D
Operator's) ability to achieve such Milestone or deadline, but only to the extent that (i)
such delay would not have occurred but for the occurrence of such event, (ii) the Delayed
Party exercises its commercially reasonable efforts to mitigate the effects of such delay,
and (iii) the Delayed Party has notified the other Party of such delay, and provided such
other Party with a detailed explanation of the circumstances leading to such delay, as
promptly as possible, but no later than ten (10) Business Days after the Delayed Party
becomes aware of the delay.
b.If a Party exercises its right to an extension of time in accordance with paragraph (a) of this
Section 3.4, then the time for completion or occurrence of such Milestone or deadline shall
extend by the number of Days during which such event giving rise to such delay prevented
such Party from achieving such Milestone or deadline; provided that, notwithstanding any
other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to any extension of the
Milestone for Commercial Operation, such extensions shall not exceed seventy-three (73)
Days (being the aggregate ten percent (10%) of the period allocated for the time for
completion or occurrence on the Agreement Date) without the written approval of PREB
(which PREPA shall request upon receipt of a legally -valid claim for an extension of time
under paragraph (a) of this Section 3.4 from Resource Provider (the "Subject Time
Extension Claim") specifying the nature and extent of the expected delay (the "PREB
Extension Approvar')).
c.If PREPA has requested a PREB Extension Approval, but PREB has not provided such
approval, PREPA hereby waives its right to (i) receive Resource Provider Delay Liquidated
Damages, or (ii) terminate this Agreement for a COD Termination Event, in each case to
the extent that such rights arise from the delay period set forth in the Subject Time
Extension Claim, provided that Resource Provider continues to comply with its obligation
under clause (ii) of paragraph (a) of this Section 3.4 to mitigate the effects of such delay.
28

--- Page 36 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
3.5Delay Liquidated Damages
a.To the extent that (i) any PREPA Risk Event (other than an Other Force Majeure) delays
Resource Provider's ability to achieve Commercial Operation as determined under Section
3.4 (Extensions of Time) and (ii) Resource Provider achieves either Deemed Completion
or Commercial Operation, then PREPA shall pay to Resource Provider, as Resource
Provider's sole and exclusive remedy in respect of such delay, an amount per Day of such
delay equal to one thirtieth (1/30) of the Capability Payment Price applicable to the first
Agreement Year as liquidated damages (the "PREPA Delay Liquidated Damages") no
later than forty-five (45) Days after receipt of an invoice therefor; provided that (A) if,
upon the occurrence of Commercial Operation Date, the Monthly Contract Capability
established by the Initial Performance Tests falls below the Design IY'ft`, then the Parties
shall reduce the PREPA Delay Liquidated Damages, and Resource Provider shalt credit
PREPA's account for any overpayment, according to the ratio that such Monthly Contract
Capability bears to the Design Dm"; and (B) the Term shall reduce for each Day in respect
of which PREPA has paid PREPA Delay Liquidated Damages. The Parties acknowledge
and agree that the PREPA Delay Liquidated Damages represent a fair and reasonable
estimate of the losses which Resource Provider will suffer if Commercial Operation does
not occur by the Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date, and accordingly the Parties
hereby waive their right to dispute the validity of this paragraph (a) of this Section 3.5.
b.Subject to paragraph (c) of Section 3.4 (Extensions of Time), for each Day of delay in
achieving Commercial Operation after the Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date until
the earlier of (i) the Commercial Operation Date, and (ii) the Long -Slop Date, other than
any Day in respect of which PREPA has an obligation to pay PREPA Delay Liquidated
Damages in accordance with paragraph (a) above, Resource Provider shall pay to PREPA
as liquidated damages the Resource Provider Delay Liquidated Damages, no later than
forty-five (45) Days after receipt of an invoice therefor. The Resource Provider Delay
Liquidated Damages shall constitute PREPA's sole and exclusive remedy in respect of
such delay, other than those remedies arising out of the termination by PREPA for delay
under Section 15.1 (Termination Date). The Parties acknowledge and agree that the
Resource Provider Delay Liquidated Damages represent a fair and reasonable estimate of
the losses which PREPA will suffer if Commercial Operation does not occur by the
Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date, and accordingly the Parties hereby waive their
right to dispute the validity of this paragraph (b) of this Section 3.5.
c.The Parties acknowledge and agree that Resource Provider's maximum aggregate liability
arising out of this Agreement for delays in achieving Commercial Operation shall not
exceed the Security Amount. If, prior to the Commercial Operation Date, the accrued
Resource Provider Delay Liquidated Damages (determined without reference to the
Security Amount) exceed, or will likely exceed, the applicable Security Amount, then
Resource Provider shall have the right to increase the Security Amount by an amount
specified in a written notice to PREPA; provided that, if the amount of such increase
exceeds the amount (expressed in USD) corresponding to the product of the per Day
Resource Provider Delay Liquidated Damages amount multiplied by the number of Days
corresponding to a ten percent (10%) increase, in the aggregate with all of the extensions
of time to achieve Commercial Operation, then such increase shall not become effective
until PREPA obtains PREB's approval of such increase (which PREPA shall request upon
receipt of a written request from Resource Provider specifying the nature and extent of the
expected increase). If Resource Provider desires to increase the Security Amount under
this paragraph (c) of this Section 3.5, then such increase shall not become effective until
29

--- Page 37 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Resource Provider has delivered a replacement Performance Security with a total face
amount to cover the increased Security Amount.
3.6Exchange of Information
For purposes of conducting any investigations and evaluations as the Parties may deem reasonable
and necessary to determine the feasibility of the Facility, the PREPA Interconnection Facilities,
and the technical aspects related to the provision of Energy Storage Services, the Parties agree to
cooperate reasonably and in good faith and provide each other and their respective representatives
reasonable and timely access to relevant personnel, advisors (including environmental consultants),
properties, and books and records, provided the information is not privileged, confidential or
protected under other agreements with third parties or by Law. Subject to the conditions stated in
the previous sentence, each Party hereby agrees to cooperate and exchange infonnation necessary
to permit, finance, construct and operate the Facility. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement
to the contrary, Resource Provider shall remain solely responsible for permitting, financing,
constructing, and operating the Facility.
3.7Cooperation
To the extent legally permitted, the Parties agree to cooperate reasonably and in good faith in the
mutually beneficial endeavor to obtain (i) control of, or other required access and rights to, the real
property upon which the Facility and the PREPA Interconnection Facilities will be located, (ii)
financing for the Facility and the PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work, and (iii) all necessary
Permits, endorsements and approvals for siting and construction of the Facility and the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Resource
Provider shall remain solely responsible for obtaining the items set out in clauses (i) through (iii)
of this Section 3.7.
3.8Interconnection Agreement
Resource Provider shall comply with all terms and conditions contained in the Interconnection
Agreement. PREPA shall bear no liability or cost under this Agreement related to interconnection
or electric distribution or transmission service for the Facility, except as expressly set out in this
Agreement in relation to a PREPA Risk Event.
3.9Protocols & Procedures
No later than one hundred eighty (180) Days after the Closing Date, the Parties, in consultation
with the Consulting Technical Expert, shall agree upon any adjustments or additions to the Testing
Protocol (including in respect of the Performance Tests) and Operating Procedures applicable to
the Facility, taking into consideration Prudent Utility Practices, the MTRs, the Approved Design,
the Operating Characteristics, equipment supplier and manufacturer recommendations set forth in
their operating manuals, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Testing Protocol and
Operating Procedures shall only be modified with the written consent of the Parties. In the event of
any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Testing Protocol or
Operating Procedures, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall prevail. Resource Provider
acknowledges and agrees that (i) its compliance with the Operating Procedures or Testing Protocol
does not relieve Resource Provider from any liability that it would otherwise have under this
Agreement, and (ii) PREPA shall not be liable to Resource Provider or any other Person by reason
of its review or approval of the Operating Procedures or Testing Protocol.
30

--- Page 38 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
3.10Resource Provider Utilities
Resource Provider shall procure atits own costits own electricityprior totheInitial
Synchronization Date, which it may obtain from PREPA through a separate agreement, and shall
procure all of its other water, fuel, and other utilities during the Term. From and after the Initial
Synchronization Date until the Commercial Operation Date, PREPA agrees to provide backfeed
electricity to Resource Provider as requested by Resource Provider at the most advantageous
published rate available to Resource Provider, based on PREPA's approved tariff, which shall
conform with rates PREPA charges to similar customers.
4.FACILITY DESIGN REQUIREMENTS
4.1Proposed Design
a.No later than sixty (60) Days after the Closing Date, Resource Provider shall submit to
PREPA a thirty percent (30%) engineering design for the Facility. PREPA shall review
and comment on such design within fifteen (15) Business Days.
b.No later than sixty (60) Days after PREPA provides its comments (or approval) pursuant
to paragraph (a) of this Section 4. I, Resource Provider shall submit to PREPA the issued -
for -construction design of the Facility (the "Proposed Design"). Resource Provider agrees
to ensure that the Proposed Design will (i) comply with Prudent Utility Practices, the
requirements of the Interconnection Agreement, the Operating Characteristics, Permits,
Applicable Laws, Applicable Standards, and the MTRs, and (ii) incorporate all equipment
required for the Facility to comply with the MTRs.
c.No later than thirty (30) Days following Resource Provider's delivery to PREPA of the
Proposed Design, PREPA shall complete its review of the Proposed Design and deliver to
Resource Provider written notice that PREPA either (i) accepts the Proposed Design (the
"Approved Design") and confirms that (a) the Resource Provider Interconnection
Facilities, if constructed in accordance with such design, will comply with PREPA's
interconnection requirements and (b) subject to the results of the Feasibility Study, System
Impact Study and Facility Study and compliance with the requirements identified in such
studies, PREPA will allow the Facility to interconnect with the Grid System in accordance
with this Agreement, or (ii) does not accept such design based on its review, in which case
PREPA shall simultaneously deliver to Resource Provider a written and detailed
description of PREPA's objections to such design and PREPA's required modifications
thereto, which modifications PREPA shall reasonably propose in good faith and consistent
with Prudent Utility Practices (the "Technical Input"). To the extent the Technical Input
involves a change in MTRs, the provisions of Section 4.2 (Modifications) shall apply.
d.If PREPA provides Technical Input to Resource Provider in accordance with the foregoing,
then no later than ten (10) Business Days following Resource Provider's delivery to
PREPA of Resource Provider's revised Proposed Design, which revised Proposed Design
Resource Provider shall ensure is consistent with the MTRs and Technical Input, PREPA
shall review such revised Proposed Design and notify Resource Provider in writing either
that (i) such revised design constitutes the Approved Design, or (ii) PREPA does not accept
such design, in which case PREPA shall simultaneously deliver to Resource Provider
further Technical Input. The Parties shall repeat the foregoing process until PREPA accepts
an Approved Design, which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay.
31

--- Page 39 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
e.The Parties shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to agree upon an Approved
Design within sixty (60) Days of Resource Provider's submission of the revised Proposed
Design, after Resource Provider has received PREPA's Technical Input. The Parties'
failure to agree on the Approved Design within one hundred eighty (180) Days after
Resource Provider's submission of a Proposed Design shall constitute grounds for an
extension of time for the occurrence of Milestones to the extent otherwise permitted under
Section 3.4 (Extensions of Time).
f.Resource Provider shall not, without PREPA's written consent, commence construction of
the Facility until the Parties have agreed on an Approved Design; provided that, Resource
Provider may, atitsrisk, order long -lead equipment for the Facility prior to the
achievement of the Approved Design.
g.Prior to the Initial Synchronization Date, Resource Provider may notify PREPA and the
T&D Operator of reasonable updates to the Resource Provider's battery, inverter or other
equipment suppliers and corresponding modifications to the Approved Design (e.g.,
battery form factor, battery layout, associated facility infrastructure or similar) necessitated
by supply constraints or market availability, provided that such updates and modifications
shall not adversely impact Resource Provider's compliance with the MTRs or other
provisions of this Agreement.
4.2Modifications
a.Each Party shall notify the other in advance of any changes to its system, and the reasons
for those changes, that would reasonably require modification or expansion of the MTRs
after the Closing Date, affect the coordination of protective devices between Resource
Provider and PREPA interconnected systems or otherwiseaffecteitherParty's
Interconnection Facilities.
b.PREPA reserves the right to modify or expand the MTRs, DCDs, or its requirements for
protective devices in the Interconnection Facilities, in each case from time to time in
accordance with Prudent Utility Practices and Applicable Law and in consultation with
Resource Provider. If PREPA desires to modify or expand the MTRs, DCDs or its
requirements for protective devices in the Interconnection Facilities in consideration of the
risk of imminent and substantial harm to human life, property, or the Grid System
(including degradation of service) but for the adoption of such change, specifically as it
relates to reliability and safety margins, then it shall notify Resource Provider thereof in
writing, which provides the rationale in reasonable detail for such change, and subject to
the limitations set forth in paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) of this Section 4.2, Resource Provider
shall implement such change, except that in no event shall Resource Provider be required
to make any modifications to the Facility in response to PREPA's modification or
expansion of the MTRs, DCDs, or its requirements for protective devices in the
Interconnection Facilities, if such modification would subject Resource Provider to any
material additional liability (i) which, together with any costs previously incurred by
Resource Provider pursuant to PREPA's request for modification or expansion of the
MTRs, DCDs, or its requirements for protective devices in the Interconnection Facilities
in accordance with this Section 4.2 or any costs incurred by Resource Provider in
connection with changes to the PSS/E mathematical model in accordance with Section 4.3
(Modeling) exceeds the Modification Limit, and (ii) which PREPA is not required, or has
not otherwise agreed, to reimburse to Resource Provider in accordance with this
Agreement.
32

--- Page 40 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
c.If Resource Provider implements any modification or expansion that PREPA requires
under thisSection4.2,then Resource Provider shall assume the cost of such
implementation, up to a total cost which, when added to any costs that PREPA previously
required and incurred by Resource Provider pursuant to this Section 4.2 or Section 4.3
(Modeling) during the Term, does not exceed the Modification Limit. If such modification
or expansion reduces the Facility's ability to provide Energy Storage Services, then the
Parties shall treat that portion of Resource Provider's reasonably projected lost revenue
under this Agreement arising out of such reduction as a cost of such change, provided that
Resource Provider shall take all reasonable steps to minimize or mitigate such losses.
d.If Resource Provider's costs attributable to such change (as reasonably determined and
evidenced in writing to PREPA), when added to any costs Resource Provider previously
incurred pursuant to PREPA's request for modification or expansion in accordance with
this Section 4.2 or Section 4.3 (Modeling) during the Term, exceed the Modification Limit,
then PREPA shall increase the Monthly Payment to allow Resource Provider to recover
that portion of the cost in excess of the Modification Limit in Monthly installments (i) in
respect of modifications to the Facility, over a term of eighteen (18) Months, or (ii) for a
reduction to the Facility's ability to provide Energy Storage Services, over the remaining
Supply Period or so long as the reduction exists. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and only
if not the result of changes required by PREPA, Resource Provider shall assume the total
cost (without reimbursement) of implementing modifications to the MTRs or requirements
for protective devices resulting from any deviations from the Operating Characteristics or
the Approved Design or any changes to Resource Provider's system whatsoever.
e.Modifications or expansions of the MTRs shall not become effective until Resource
Provider has had a reasonable period of time to comply with any such modified or
expanded requirement.
4.3Modeling
a.Resource Provider shall provide PREPA with a PSS/E model for the Facility for approval
no later than the Agreement Date.
b.Resource Provider agrees to keep the PSS/E mathematical models current with the future
versions of the PSS/E program, and shall provide updated PSS/E mathematical models to
PREPA not later than ninety (90) Days after PREPA notifies Resource Provider of a PSS/E
version upgrade if such upgrade results in software incompatibility with PREPA's system.
Resource Provider shall submit to PREPA a report from Siemens PTI or another third -
party engineering consultant that validates and certifies the PSS/E mathematical model as
accurate, including the subsequent revisions performed to keep the mathematical model
current with the future version of the PSS/E program. PREPA shall bear all costs incurred
by Resource Provider in excess of the Modification Limít in connection with changes to
the PSS/E mathematical model that result from modification or expansion of the MTRs or
PREPA's requirements for protective devices in the Interconnection Facilities as per
Section 4.2 (Modifications).
4.4Pre -Synchronization Testing
a.Prior to the Initial Synchronization Date, Resource Provider shall retain a contractor,
approved in writing by PREPA (which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold
or delay after Resource Provider has submitted to PREPA information about the experience
33

--- Page 41 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
of such contractor), to perform the acceptance testing of the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities, in accordance with the Testing Protocol. Resource Provider
shall provide to PREPA no less than ten (I0) Days' written notice of such testing and
PREPA shall have a representative witness and evaluate the testing.
b.No later than fifteen (15) Business Days following completion of such testing and
submission to PREPA of the testing book prepared by the testing contractor, PREPA shall
review such testing book and notify Resource Provider in writing whether PREPA (i)
accepts such testing book, or (ii) declines to accept such testing book acting reasonably in
accordance with Prudent Utility Practice, in which case PREPA shall simultaneously
deliver to Resource Provider a written and detailed technical description of PREPA's
objections to such testing book and PREPA's required modifications thereto which
Resource Provider shall jointly work with the testing contractor using commercially
reasonable effortsto incorporate in good faith.If PREPA has provided required
modifications to the testing book, then no later than five (5) Business Days following
Resource Provider's delivery to PREPA of a revised testing book consistent with such
modifications, PREPA shall review such revised testing book and notify Resource Provider
in writing either of PREPA's approval or that PREPA continues to require modifications
thereto. The Parties shall repeat the foregoing process until PREPA approves the testing
book, which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. PREPA shall have
the right to finally determine, acting reasonably in accordance with Prudent Utility
Practice, whether Resource Provider has adequately designed, constructed and tested the
Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities and whether such facilities comply with the
Approved Design and PREPA's other requirements. PREPA shall use reasonable efforts
to accept Resource Provider's testing book within fifteen (15) Business Days after
Resource Provider's delivery to PREPA of a revised testing book, after Resource Provider
has received PREPA's objections to the testing book for the first time.
c.Upon completion of thepre -synchronizationtestingof theResourceProvider
Interconnection Facilities, Resource Provider shall provide written notice (which shall
include a copy of the red line drawing used for the construction of the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities) to PREPA that Resource Provider has substantially completed
and tested the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities in accordance with paragraphs
(a) and (b) of this Section 4.4 ("IF Completion Notice"), in the form set forth in Appendix
X (Form of IF Completion Notice).
d.Following receipt of the IF Completion Notice, PREPA shall inspect (or PREPA shall
appoint a Consulting Technical Expert to inspect) such Resource Provider Interconnection
Facilities and the remainder of the Facility to confirm that Resource Provider has
constructed the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities in accordance with the
Approved Design, which inspection and confirmation PREPA shall complete promptly,
but in any case within five (5) Business Days following PREPA's receipt of the IF
Completion Notice.
e.If PREPA (or the Consulting Technical Expert, as applicable) determines in good faith
acting reasonably in accordance with Prudent Utility Practice that Resource Provider has
not constructed the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities or remainder of the
Facility in accordance with the Approved Design and that such deviation would, if PREPA
synchronized the Facility with the Grid System, adversely affect the operations of the Grid
System, PREPA shall so advise Resource Provider in writing within five (5) Business Days
following PREPA's (or the Consulting Technical Expert's, as applicable) inspection of the
X'34

--- Page 42 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities or remainder of the Facility, as applicable,
and Resource Provider shall correct or mitigate any such deviation prior to interconnecting
the Facility to the Grid System and resubmit the IF Completion Notice (in which case
paragraph (d) of this Section 4.4 shall again apply). If the Parties cannot reach an agreement
on whether Resource Provider has constructed the Resource Provider Interconnection
Facilities or remainder of the Facility in accordance with the Approved Design after
Resource Provider has submitted two (2) IF Completion Notices that PREPA has found to
be deficient, then either Party may refer the matter to dispute resolution pursuant to Article
21 (Dispute Resolution).
f.If PREPA, in consultation with the Consulting Technical Expert, determines acting
reasonably in accordance with Prudent Utility Practice that the Facility has been
constructed in accordance with this Agreement, then PREPA shall notify Resource
Provider thereof (such notification, the "Substantial Completion Notice"), in the form set
forth in Appendix Y (Form ofSubstantial Completion Notice), and the Parties shall proceed
with Initial Synchronization and testing pursuant to Article 5 (Synchronization, Testing &
Completion).
4.5Protection Relays & Control
a.Resource Provider shall provide PREPA with the proposed design of the complete
protection systems (including relay devices and relay settings), in accordance with
Appendix O (Technical Requirements for Operation, Protection, & Control), for PREPA's
review and inspection not later than sixty (60) Days prior to the Proposed Initial
Synchronization Date. Resource Provider shall submit the protection requirements in three
stages: (i) design; (ii) protection report (i.e. the settings to be implemented according to the
Approved Design); and (iii) the tests that Resource Provider shall perform with the
approved settings.
b.If PREPA declines to accept such protection requirements for any reason acting reasonably
in accordance with Prudent Utility Practice, Resource Provider agrees to comply with any
reasonable request made by PREPA to provide the protection scheme requirements,
including acceptable relay settings, prior to the Initial Synchronization Date. PREPA
agrees to give any comments or suggested changes pursuant to this Section 4.5 within thirty
(30) Days after Resource Provider submits the protection requirements at each stage to
PREPA, provided that PREPA shall have at least ten (10) Days to evaluate each individual
submission after receipt. If the Parties cannot reach an agreement within thirty (30) Days
after PREPA's receipt of the complete set of protection requirements, including relay
settings, then the Parties shall resolve such Dispute in accordance with Article 21 (Dispute
Resolution).
c.Resource Provider further agrees that control and protection scheme parameters such as
ramp rates, frequency fluctuations, overvoltage or low voltage ride -through, voltage
support, and dynamic power factor will align in all material respects with the MTRs.
Resource Provider shall procure equipment with electrical capabilities to comply with the
MTRs.
35

--- Page 43 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
4.6Voltage Schedule
PREPA shall prepare and submit to Resource Provider a written voltage schedule for the Facility
no later than thirty (30) Days prior to the Proposed Initial Synchronization Date. From and after
the Commercial Operation Date, PREPA may change such voltage schedule upon thirty (30) Days'
prior written notice, or in accordance with, the Operating Procedures, provided that such voltage
schedule complies with the MTRs. Resource Provider shall use such voltage schedule in the
operation of its Facility. PREPA shall base the voltage schedule on the normally expected operating
conditions for the Facility and the reactive power requirements of the Grid System.
4.7Facility Upgrades
From and after the Initial Synchronization Date, Resource Provider shall not carry out any upgrades
or modifications to the Facility that will, or may reasonably be expected to, impair or limit the
Facility's compliance with the MTRs, alter its Operating Characteristics or expand or limit its
ability to provide the Energy Storage Services to PREPA, including the addition of energy
discharge capacity expansions or other upgrades not contemplated by the Approved Design, in each
case without PREPA's prior written consent, which PREPA may withhold in its sole discretion.
The Parties acknowledge that this Section 4.7 does not restrict Resource Provider's performance
of routine maintenance or technology upgrades required to ensure safe and reliable operation or
regular replacement or periodic augmentation of equipment to maintain the performance of the
Facility in accordance with this Agreement and the Approved Design.
5.SYNCHRONIZATION, TESTING & COMPLETION
5.1Scheduling Synchronization
Resource Provider shall notify PREPA in writing of the proposed Initial Synchronization Date (the
"Proposed Initial Synchronization Date") and the start-up and testing schedule for the Facility
and the PREPA Interconnection Facilities no later than ninety (90) Days prior to the Proposed
Initial Synchronization Date. Resource Provider shall have the right to postpone or accelerate such
date with at least fourteen (14) Days' advance written notice to PREPA. Following the issuance of
the Substantial Completion Notice, the Parties shall agree on the actual Initial Synchronization Date
at least seven (7) Days in advance of such date.
5.2Initial Synchronization
Resource Provider shall not energize, back -feed, or synchronize the Facility without PREPA's prior
approval, which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. Subject to Resource
Provider's compliance with the Interconnection Agreement and this Agreement, PREPA agrees to
allow the Facility to interconnect to the Grid System at the Interconnection Point in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement from the Initial Synchronization Date. PREPA shall have the right
to have a representative present al the Facility to witness the synchronization process from and after
the Initial Synchronization Date.
5.3Initial Performance Tests
a.On or promptly after the Initial Synchronization Date, Resource Provider shall conduct the
initial Performance Tests on the Facility to, among other things, verify that each Capability
of the Facility will meet or exceed the corresponding Design Capability, and the provisions
36

--- Page 44 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
of paragraphs (a), (b), and (c) of Section 6.9 (Supply Period Performance Tests) shal I apply
mutatis mutandis to such tests (the "Initial Performance Tests").
b.Resource Provider warrants that the Initial Performance Tests shall establish that each
Capability of the Facility will meet or exceed the corresponding Design Capability. If the
Initial Performance Tests establish that a Capability of the Facility falls below the
corresponding Design Capability, then prior to the Long -Stop Date, Resource Provider
may, at its election:
1.take corrective actions to increase such Capability of the Facility prior to the Long -
Stop Date until the Initial Performance Tests demonstrate that a Capability of the
Facility meets or exceed the corresponding Design Capability; or
2.if, for D'"'x or C'"" only, such Capability meets or exceeds at least ninety-five
percent (95%) of the corresponding Design Capability on a sustained basis (the
"Minimum Acceptance Capability"), then credit PREPA's account in the amount
of $200 per kW for each kW of difference between such Design Capability and the
corresponding Capability of the Facility as liquidated damages as PREPA's sole
and exclusive remedy in respect of such shortfall (the "Capability Shortfall
Liquidated Damages"),
provided that if, by the Long -Stop Date, such corrective actions result in such Capability
meeting or exceeding the Minimum Acceptance Capability but not the corresponding
Design Capability, then Resource Provider shall credit PREPA's account for the Capability
Shortfall Liquidated Damages. Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that the
Capability Shortfall Liquidated Damages represent a fair and reasonable estimate of the
loss that PREPA will suffer if such a Capability shortfall occurs, and accordingly, Resource
Provider hereby waives its right to dispute the enforceability of this paragraph (b) of this
Section 5.3.
c.If the Initial Performance Tests establish that the Facility fails to comply with the Other
Minimum Acceptance Criteria, then Resource Provider may, at its election:
1.take corrective actions to improve the performance of the Facility; and
2.repeat the Initial Performance Tests to establish that the Facility satisfies the
MTRs, Operating Characteristics and criteria set out in the Testing Protocol,
in each case, prior to the Long -Stop Date.
d.Subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this Section 5.3, if the Initial Performance Tests do not
establish that the Facility meets both the Minimum Acceptance Capability and Other
Minimum Acceptance Criteria, then PREPA shall have the right to reject the results of such
tests.
e.Following the successful completion of the Initial Performance Tests (or crediting of
Capability Shortfall Liquidated Damages, as applicable) and satisfaction of all other
criteria to achieve Commercial Operation:

--- Page 45 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Resource Provider shall notify PREPA in writing of the test results and the
Commercial Operation Date by issuing a certificate thereof, in the form set forth
in AppendixU (Form of Commercial Operation Date Certificate).PREPA shall
confirm and countersign such notification, which confirmation PREPA shall not
unreasonably withhold or delay, and if a demonstrated Capability falls below the
corresponding Design Capability, then subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) of this
Section 5.3, the Parties shall amend this Agreement to reduce the corresponding
Design Capability accordingly.
2.Resource Provider shall submit to PREPA a revised PSS/E mathematical model
that represents the as -built Facility. This PSS/E model shall include all necessary
functionality to properly model the Facility for both steady-state and dynamic
simulations. Resource Provider shall also submit a PSS/E validation report for the
Facility, which describes how the PSS/E simulation results demonstrate the model
MTR compliance and performance, based on the final adjustment and parameter
settings of MTR and the Initial Performance Tests as required in this Agreement.
5.4Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities
L_9
a.On the Commercial Operation Date, Resource Provider shall: (i) release and forever
discharge PREPA and its respective officers, directors, agents, and employees, and all
property connected with or a part of the site of the PREPA Interconnection Facilities, from
any and all contractual liens and any other liens arising by operation of Applicable Law or
otherwise in connection with, or arising out of, the performance of Resource Provider's
obligations under this Agreement, including construction of the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities, and (ii) specifically waive and release any lien, right, security
interest or encumbrance of any kind in connection with this Agreement or Applicable Law
established by Resource Provider, its contractors at any tier, material suppliers, laborers
and all other Persons or entities furnishing services, labor or materials in connection with
Resource Provider's obligations under this Agreement and all other interests therein and
all improvements and materials placed on such site or machinery furnished in connection
with such work.
b.Resource Provider shall provide PREPA with as -built drawings of the Facility within
ninety (90) Days after the Commercial Operation Date and within ninety (90) Days after
any material modification of the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities or remainder
of the Facility to the extent that such modification affects such as -built drawings.
c.Resource Provider shall at all times own and have responsibility for (at its own cost and
expense) the safe and adequate operation and maintenance of all Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities. PREPA shall own and have responsibility for the safe and
adequate operation and maintenance of the PREPA Interconnection Facilities. rf PREPA
implements any change in the protection system relay settings, equipment, or studies due
to any improvement at the Interconnection Facilities required by Resource Provider or as
a result of the Facility, then Resource Provider shall bear all reasonable costs and expenses
incurred by PREPA.
38

--- Page 46 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
6.OPERATION OF THE FACILITY
6.1General
Resource Provider shall:
a.during each hour of each Day of each Billing Period:
1.continuously operate the Facility in Discharge Mode, Charge Mode or Storage
Mode without interruption, including as required by a Dispatch Notice or a Charge
Notice;
2.while operating in Discharge Mode, make the Facility available for dispatch by
PREPA of (A) a quantity of Energy that corresponds to the Design Duration
Energy during the Design Discharge Duration, and (13) Ancillary Services
specified in the MTRs, as applicable, at the Interconnection Point;
3.while operating in Storage Mode, make the Facility available for storage of
quantities of Energy that correspond to the Design Storage Energy; and
4.while operating in Charge Mode, make the Facility available to accept at the
applicable Charge Point a quantity of Energy that corresponds to the Design
Charge Energy during the Design Charge Duration,
in each case (as applicable to such hour) other than during the occurrence of any Permitted
Outage Hour and subject to the applicable Annual Degradation Rates;
b.from the Initial Synchronization Date until the expiry of the Supply Period:
operate, test, maintain, repair and, if necessary, replace the Facility (or any portion
thereof) in accordance with (i) the Operating Procedures, (ii) the Testing Protocol,
(iii) the MTRs, (iv) Dispatch Notices and Charge Notices, (v) Prudent Utility
Practices, (vi) this Agreement, and (vii) Applicable Law and Applicable Standards,
and subject to the Operating Characteristics; and
2.ensure that (i) personnel remain on duty at the Facility at the times required to meet
Resource Provider's obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) any contractor that
Resource Provider engages for the operation, testing, maintenance, or repair of the
Facility as a whole qualifies as a Qualified Operator; and
c.ensure that the Facility satisfies the Performance Guarantee.
6.2Electricity Supply to the Facility
From and after the Commercial Operation Date until the expiry of the Supply Period, Resource
Provider shall procure at its own cost such Energy as it requires:
a.to return the Facility at the end of Outage or Derating (unless a PREPA Risk Event directly
caused such Outage or Derating) to a Stored Energy Level equal to the Stored Energy Level
immediately prior to such Outage or Derating, as applicable, in accordance with Section
6.6 (Restoration of the Facility);
39

--- Page 47 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
b.for Station Use in accordance with Section 7.5 (Station Use); and
c.in respect of an Unauthorized Charge or a Renewable Energy Charge, in accordance with
Section 7.6 (Unauthorized Charge and Renewable Energy Charge).
If Resource Provider procures such Energy from PREPA, then PREPA shall, for the purposes of
paragraphs (a) or (b) of this Section 6.2, supply such Energy to Resource Provider at the most
advantageous published rate available based on PREPA's approved tariff, conforming to the rates
PREPA charges to similar customers.
6.3Scheduled Maintenance
a.Resource Provider shall (i) ensure that no more than one hundred and sixty (160) hours in
aggregate of Scheduled Outages or Scheduled Deratings occur per Agreement Year, (ii)
plan its Scheduled Maintenance Program so as to minimize interruptions or reductions to
the provision of Energy Storage Services, and (iii) cooperate with PREPA to coordinate
the Scheduled Outages and Scheduled Deratings with Grid System needs. Resource
Provider may only use the allowance for Scheduled Outages or Scheduled Deratings in the
Agreement Year in which the allowance accrues, and any unused hours shall not be carried
over to subsequent Agreement Years.
b.Resource Provider shall, at least sixty (60) Days prior to the Commercial Operation Date,
submit a written schedule of Scheduled Outages and Scheduled Deratings ("Scheduled
Maintenance Program") for the remaining portion of the first Year of the Facility's
operations and, if the Commercial Operation Date occurs after September I, for the
following Year, setting forth the proposed Scheduled Outages and Scheduled Deratings
periods. Thereafter, Resource Provider shall submit to PREPA, in writing, by September 1
of each Year, its proposed Scheduled Maintenance Program for the next Year.
c.Resource Provider shall provide the following information for each proposed Scheduled
Outage and Scheduled Derating:
description of the work that Resource Provider will perform during such event;
2.approximate start date and time;
3.approximate end date and time;
4.approximate time to restore the Facility to full operation; and
5.for Scheduled Deratings, Energy Storage Services available during such event.
d.PREPA shall have thirty (30) Days from receipt of the proposed Scheduled Maintenance
Program to notify Resource Provider whether it accepts the program or requires a
rescheduling (and the period during which Resource Provider can perform such
maintenance). If PREPA fails to respond during such period, then the Scheduled
Maintenance Program shall be deemed accepted.
e.Resource Provider shall use reasonable efforts to accommodate any request from PREPA
to reschedule the Scheduled Maintenance Program.If Resource Provider cannot
accommodate PREPA's request to reschedule the Scheduled Maintenance Program, then
40

--- Page 48 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Resource Provider shall provide reasons therefor and alternative dates for the Scheduled
Maintenance Program. PREPA shall select between the alternative dates proposed by
Resource Provider to finalize the Scheduled Maintenance Program.
f.Resource Provider shall notify PREPA at least seven (7) Days prior to the start of any
Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating and shall maintain close coordination with
PREPA as such event approaches.
g.If a condition occurs that impacts the Scheduled Maintenance Program, then Resource
Provider shall promptly, on becoming aware of such condition, notify PREPA of such
change (including an estimate of the length of such Scheduled Outage or Scheduled
Derating) and request PREPA's approval to revise the Scheduled Maintenance Program,
which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. Resource Provider shall
bear any costs incurred by PREPA for revisions made less than sixty (60) Days before the
start date of a Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating or that results in such event being
scheduled less than sixty (60) Days before the start of the revised Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating, other than in cases of Force Majeure or a PREPA Risk Event.
h.Only those Outages or Deratings that (i) meet the submittal timelines ín paragraph (b) of
this Section 6.3, and (ii) PREPA approves in accordance with this Section 6.3 shall
constitute a Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating, respectively.
6.4Non -Scheduled Outages & Deratings
a.If Resource Provider determines thatit requires a Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -
Scheduled Derating, then Resource Provider shall coordinate the timing of such Non -
Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating, as applicable, with PREPA.
b.Resource Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify PREPA of any Non -
Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating no later than 17:00 hours (Puerto Rico time)
on the third (3"d) Business Day prior to the Day that such Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -
Scheduled Derating will occur. In the event of an unexpected Non -Scheduled Outage or
Non -Scheduled Derating, Resource Provider shall provide notice to PREPA by telephone
or email as soon as reasonably practicable and, in all cases other than Force Majeure, no
more than fifteen (15) minutes following the occurrence of such Non -Scheduled Outage or
Non -Scheduled Derating. Thereafter, Resource Provider shall, as soon as reasonably
practicable, provide PREPA with a written notice that includes (i) the event or condition,
(ii) the date and time of such event or condition, (iii) the expected end date and time of
such event or condition, (iv) for Non -Scheduled Deratings, the Energy Storage Services
available during such event or condition, and (v) any other information reasonably
requested by PREPA.
c.Notwithstanding the delivery of a notice of a Non -Scheduled Outage or coordination with
PREPA to resolve such event, the Facility shall be deemed unavailable for the duration of
a Non -Scheduled Outage as applicable to the calculation of Facility Availability.
6.5Emergencies
a.No later than the Initial Synchronization Date, each Party shall cooperate with the other in
establishing written Emergency plans, including (i) recovery from a local or widespread
electrical blackout, (ii) voltage reduction to effect load curtailment, (iii) policies for the
41

--- Page 49 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
delivery by PREPA to Resource Provider of prompt written notice of the occurrence of all
Emergency and follow-up, and (iv) frequent status reports on any ongoing Emergency.
b.Resource Provider shall (i) make technical information and data available to PREPA
concerning start-up times and black -start capabilities, (ii) promptly inform PREPA of any
Emergency at or other material issues with the Facility or the Site, and (iii) if requested by
PREPA, submit a remediation program setting out the actions Resource Provider shall take
to mitigate the Emergency or other material issues at the Facility, and (iv) abide by such
program.
c.If the Facility has a Scheduled Outage, Non -Scheduled Outage, Scheduled Dcrating or
Non -Scheduled Derating and such event occurs or would occur coincident with an
Emergency, then PREPA may request that Resource Provider makes commercially
reasonable efforts, consistent with Prudent Utility Practices, to reschedule the Scheduled
Outage, Non -Scheduled Outage, Scheduled Derating or Non -Scheduled Derating, as
applicable, or if such event has begun, to expedite the completion thereof.
6.6Restoration of the Facility
a.Following any Emergency, Outage, or Derating, Resource Provider shall provide as much
advance notice as reasonably practicable to PREPA of the date and time that it will bring
the Facility back online, provided that Resource Provider shall furnish at least two (2)
Days' prior notice for restoration from a Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating and at
least two (2) hours' notice for restoration from a Non -Scheduled Outage, Non -Scheduled
Derating or Emergency, in each case, in accordance with the Operating Procedures.
PREPA shall have the right to rely on such notice for purposes of delivering Dispatch
Notices and Charge Notices to Resource Provider.
b.Resource Provider shall return the Facility at the end of an Outage or Derating to a Stored
Energy Level equal to the Stored Energy Level immediately prior to such Outage or
Derating, and the Outage or Derating shall not end until such amount of Energy has been
restored. Resource Provider shall bear the costs of Energy required to charge and discharge
the Facility during the Outage or berating (unless a PREPA Risk Event directly causes
such Outage or Derating), including those costs needed to restore the Energy stored in the
Facility to the Stored Energy Level immediately prior to the start of the Outage or Derating.
If a PREPA Risk Event causes an Outage or Derating, then PREPA shall have
responsibility for managing, purchasing, scheduling and delivering the Charge Energy
required to restore the Energy stored in the Facility to the Stored Energy Level immediately
prior to the start of the Outage or Derating in accordance with Section 7.4 (Charge Energy
Obligations).
6.7Communication
Resource Provider shall provide, install, commission, maintain, repair, and replace (as necessary),
at its own cost and expense, the following communication facilities linking the Facility with
PREPA:
a.one (I) Remote Terminal Unit ("RTU"), including setup installation and configuration
reasonably specified by PREPA;
42

--- Page 50 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
b.two (2) independent telecommunication circuits, including one (I) voice grade to link the
SCADA system to the Facility's RTU using distributed network protocol through a
designated PREPA communication node, and a second fiber optic circuit to link PREPA's
network to the Facility in order to access protection equipment, revenue meters and the
dynamic system monitor through the ruggedcom security device as reasonably specified
by PREPA;
c.a voice telephone extension to communicate with PREPA's Monacillos Transmission
Center and Ponce Transmission Center;
d.a telephone line and equipment to transmit and receive e-mail messages to confirm oral
communication between PREPA and Resource Provider, and
e.for recording the power disturbance caused by electro -mechanic swings and to measure the
system response to the swing disturbance, dynamic system monitor equipment,
components, and system which comply with the requirements of Appendix N (Technical
Specifications for the Dynamic System Monitor).
PREPA shall have the right to approve items provided by Resource Provider in accordance with
this Section 6.7, which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay.
6.8Record Keeping
a.Rarh Party shall keep complete and accurate books, accounts, records, and other data
required for the proper administration of all transactions with respect to all matters relating
to this Agreement.
b.Resource Provider shall maintain such records and data for a minimum of five (5) Years
after the preparation of such records or data and for any additional length of time required
by regulatory agencies with jurisdiction over each of the Parties; provided that neither Party
shall dispose of or destroy any records without thirty (30) Days' prior written notice to the
other Party. Within ten (I0) Days after receipt of the notice of intention to destroy or
dispose, the other Party shall have the right to require the notifying Party in writing to
deliver to it certain records at the requesting Party's sole cost and expense. No more than
ten (I0) Days from receipt of such notice, the Party proposing to dispose of or destroy such
records shall deliver any records requested by the requesting Party.
c.Resource Provider shall maintain, in physical and electronic copy, (i) as -built drawings,
operation and maintenance manuals and other detailed technical documentation for design,
engineering, construction, testing, commissioning, operation, maintenance, and repair of
the Facility, and (ii) an accurate and up-to-date operating log at the Facility with records of
(1) real and reactive power for each hour, (2) changes in operating status, Outages,
Deratings or Emergencies, charging and discharging (including charging and discharging
efficiency), Station Use consumption and efficiency, Stored Energy Level, and Facility
Availability (including availability to charge and discharge and State of Charge), (3) any
unusual conditions found during inspections, (4) any safety incident, accident or other
occurrence at the Site that results in injury to persons or damage to property, (5) electrical
characteristics of the Facility and settings or adjustments of the Facility's control
equipment and protective devices, (6) maintenance performance, (7) all material data in
relation to Performance Tests and other testing, Performance Guarantee, metering,
1
43
(15

--- Page 51 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
invoicing, payments, Claims, reimbursements, credits and any other charges to PREPA,
and (8) any other significant events related to the operation of the Facility.
d.Either Party shall have the right from time to time, upon fourteen (14) Days' written notice
to the other Party and during regular business hours, to examine the books, accounts,
records, and other data of the other Party relating to the proper administration of this
Agreement any time during the period that this Agreement requires the records to be
maintained.
e.Resource Provider shall deliver to PREPA a Monthly operations and maintenance report
by the tenth (101) Day of each Month describing operations and maintenance activities
performed in respect of the Facility during the previous Month.
6.9Supply Period Perfonnance Tests
a.During each Agreement Year of the Supply Period, PREPA shall have the right to request
Resource Provider to perform up to two (2) PREPA Performance Tests in accordance with
the Testing Protocol. PREPA's decision to forgo any such test is not a waiver of PREPA's
right to require any subsequent Performance Tests.
b.Resource Provider shall submit to PREPA, for evaluation and approval, all Performance
Tests reports certified by an experienced and duly qualified independent laboratory or
company with specialized expertise in acceptance and other relevant tests of renewable
power generating facilities evidencing that the Facility satisfies each of the MTRs and the
Performance Guarantee. PREPA shall have the right to approve such laboratory or
company, which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. For the
avoidance of doubt, Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that PREPA will not
accept manufacturers' test reports as evidence of compliance with this requirement.
c.Resource Provider shall coordinate with, and the Performance Tests shall be witnessed by,
PREPA 's personnel and the Consulting Technical Expert. Resource Provider shall provide
PREPA with at least thirty (30) Days' advance written notice of all Performance Tests,
field tests or other matters that PREPA may witness hereunder. The Parties shall cooperate
in good faith to determine mutually acceptable dates for such testing of all Performance
Tests.
d.Resource Provider may request to perform an additional Performance Test ("Resource
Provider Performance Test") (i) if, as a result of a Performance Test, the Monthly
Contract Capability is adjusted downward pursuant to Appendix F (Compensation), (ii)
upon the completion of Scheduled Outage, or (iii) if the results of a PREPA Performance
Test are outside the standards specified in the Testing Protocol. A Resource Provider
Performance Test shall commence no later than ten (10) Business Days after completion
of the PREPA Performance Test showing the low test results, or the completion of the
Scheduled Outage, and Resource Provider shall perform such Resource Provider
Performance Test in accordance with the Testing Protocol, except that (A) Resource
Provider shall provide PREPA with notice of its request to test and the proposed starting
and end times of the Resource Provider Performance Test no later than three (3) Business
Days before it commences, and (B) PREPA shall evaluate Resource Provider's proposal
and, in its sole discretion, either grant such request or identify two (2) alternative start and
stop times from which Resource Provider may elect, and to which PREPA will consent.
The Tested Duration Energy, as determined through the Resource Provider Performance
44

--- Page 52 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Test, will be used to determine the Monthly Contract Capability in the same manner as the
Tested Duration Energy determined through a PREPA Performance Test.
6.10Network Security
Resource Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent Malware from accessing
any aspect of the Energy Storage Services, the Facility, or any other information systems, operating
environments and processes used or relied upon by Resource Provider to provide the Energy
Storage Services, including the information, data and other materials delivered by or on behalf of
Resource Provider to PREPA, the customers of PREPA, or any third party providers (collectively,
the "Environment"). Throughout the Term, Resource Provider shall implement improvements to,
and upgrades of, its Malware prevention and correction programs and processes consistent with the
then -current National Institute of Standards and Technology industry standards and, in any case,
no less robust than the programs and processes implemented by Resource Provider in respect of its
own information systems. If Malware enters the Environment, Resource Provider shall notify
PREPA as soon as it becomes aware of such presence and take immediate action, at Resource
Provider's cost, to eliminate and remediate the Malware effects. Resource Provider shall regularly,
and otherwise at the request of PREPA, provide sufficient evidence of its efforts to continuously
monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of Resource Provider's information security safeguards.
Resource Provider shall require that its subcontractors also comply with the obligations of Resource
Provider under this Section 6.10.
7.DISPATCHING & CHARGING OBLIGATIONS
7.1Dispatching
a.Without prejudice to the requirements of Appendix F (Compensation), PREPA shall have
the right, exclusively by providing Dispatch Notices to Resource Provider in accordance
with the Operating Procedures, to direct Resource Provider to dispatch the facility seven
(7) Days per week and twenty-four (24) hours per Day (including holidays) from the Initial
Synchronization Date until the expiry of the Supply Period, and such right shall include
the right to require Resource Provider to (i) subject to Section 7.3, curtail, reduce or
increase the Energy Storage Services, and (ii) disconnect or connect the Facility, in each
case in accordance with:
1.Prudent Utility Practices (such as reasons affecting safety margins or reliability
levels in the Grid System, power quality problems as well as Outages and
disconnections("víaslibres") of the transmissioncenterorline due to
disturbances, maintenance, improvements, and Emergencies);
2.the requirements of Applicable Law and Permits; and
3.the Operating Procedures,
in each case subject to the Operating Characteristics and the Scheduled Maintenance
Program.
b.Subject to paragraph (c) of this Section 7.1, each Dispatch Notice shall remain effective
for the duration of the dispatch period specified therein unless and until PREPA modifies
such Dispatch Notice by providing Resource Provider with an updated Dispatch Notice. If
PREPA cannot issue an electronic submittal for reasons beyond PREPA's control, PREPA
-
45

--- Page 53 ---
Energy Storage Scrviccs Agreement - PRF,PA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
may provide Dispatch Notices by (in order of preference, unless the Parties agree to a
different order) electronic mail, facsimile transmission or telephonically to Resource
Provider'spersonneldesignatedintheOperatingProcedurestoreceivesuch
communications.
c.If PREPA submits a Dispatch Notice that directs action which does not conform with the
Operating Characteristics, then Resource Provider shall promptly notify PREPA of the
non -conformity and PREPA shall modify its Dispatch Notice to conform to the Operating
Characteristics. Until PREPA submits a modified Dispatch Notice, Resource Provider
shall, as applicable, dispatch the Facility in accordance with the Operating Characteristics,
and the Facility will not be deemed unavailable, but only to the extent the Facility was
otherwise available but could not be dispatched because of its inability to operate outside
of the Operating Characteristics.
7.2Curtailment for Breach
Notwithstanding Section 7.1 (Dispatching), PREPA shall have the additional right to curtail or
reduce the Dispatch Notices, or disconnect the Facility, during the Supply Period, and Resource
Provider shall have no right to any Claim for compensation or otherwise, when Resource Provider
fails to:
a.operate the Facility in accordance with this Agreement or the MTRs, provided that for any
modifications to the MTRs under Section 4.2 (Modifications), Resource Provider has had
a reasonable period of time to comply with such modification pursuant to paragraph (e) of
Section 4.2 (Modifications);
b.successfully complete the Resource Provider Performance Tests requested by PREPA
under paragraph (a) of Section 6.9 (Supply Period Performance Tests) with reasonable
prior notice; or
c.maintain the Facility PSS/E mathematical models in accordance with this Agreement,
provided that (i) PREPA has given Resource Provider thirty (30) Days' notice of Resource
Provider's failure to comply with the foregoing, and (ii) Resource Provider may reasonably
perform such upgrade within that time period.
For the avoidance of doubt, any curtailment, reduction or disconnection shall end at the instruction
of PREPA, which PREPA shall give promptly after Resource Provider cures such non-compliance.
7.3Sharyino
Following the Commercial Operation Date:
a.PREPA shall have the right, by providing Charge Notices to Resource Provider in
accordance with the Operating Procedures, to direct Resource Provider to charge the
Facility from an applicable Charge Source (which, for the ITC Period, shall only include
the Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource, and after the ITC Period, may include either
such resource or the Grid System) seven (7) Days per week and twenty-four (24) hours per
Day (including holidays), from the Initial Synchronization Date until the expiry of the
Supply Period in accordance with:
46

--- Page 54 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
1.Prudent Utility Practices (such as reasons affecting safety margins or reliability
levels in the Grid System, power quality problems as well as outages and
disconnections("víaslibres")of the transmission center orline due to
disturbances, maintenance, improvements, and Emergencies);
2.the requirements of Applicable Law and Permits; and
3.the Operating Procedures,
in each case subject to the Operating Characteristics, the Scheduled Maintenance Program
and paragraph (b) of Section 7.4 (Charge Energy Obligations);
b.subject to paragraph (c) of this Section 7.3, each Charge Notice shall remain effective for
the duration of the charge specified therein unless and until PREPA modifies such Charge
Notice by providing Resource Provider with an updated Charge Notice. If PREPA cannot
issue an electronic submittal for reasons beyond PREPA's control, PREPA may provide
Charge Notices by (in order or preference, unless the Parties agree to a different order)
electronic mail, telephonically or by facsimile transmission to Resource Provider's
personnel designated in the Operating Procedures to receive such communications;
c.if PREPA submits a Charge Notice that does not conform with the Operating
Characteristics, then Resource Provider shall promptly notify PREPA of the non-
conformity and PREPA shall modify its Charge Notice to conform to the Operating
Characteristics. Until such time as PREPA submits a modified Charge Notice, Resource
Provider shall, as applicable, charge the Facility in accordance with the Operating
Characteristics, and the Facility will not be deemed unavailable, but only to the extent the
Facility was otherwise available but could not be charging because of its inability to operate
outside of the Operating Characteristics; and
d.Resource Provider shall draw Energy in connection with a Charge Notice only from the
Charge Source identified in such notice.
7.4Charge Energy Obligations
a.Except as set forth in this Section 7.4, Sections 6.6 (Restoration of the Facility), 7.5 (Station
Use) and7.6 (Unauthorized Charge and Renewable Energy Charge),or as expressly set
forth in this Agreement, if, during the Supply Period (other than the ITC Period), PREPA
designates the Grid System as the applicable Charge Source under a Charge Notice in
accordance with paragraph (a) of Section 7.3(Charging),then the following provisions
shall apply:
1.PREPA shall have responsibility for managing, purchasing, scheduling and
delivering all of the Charge Energy for the Facility to the Interconnection Point in
respect of such notice;
2.Resource Provider shall take all actions necessary to accept the Charge Energy at
and from the Interconnection Point as part of providing the Energy Storage
Services, including maintenance, repair or replacement of equipment in Resource
Provider's possession or control used to deliver the Charge Energy to the Facility,
in all cases in accordance with the terms of this Agreement; and
47

--- Page 55 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
3.PREPA shall hold title to, possession of, and risk of loss of the Charge Energy up
to the Interconnection Point, and Resource Provider shall take title to, possession
of, and risk of loss of the Charge Energy at and from the Interconnection Point.
b.If, during the Supply Period, PREPA designates a Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource
as the applicable Charge Source under a Charge Notice in accordance with paragraph (d)
of Section7.3 (Charging),then Resource Provider shall:
1.have responsibility for managing, scheduling and delivering all of the Charge
Energy for the Facility to the Co -Located Resource Connection Point in respect of
such notice; and
2.hold title to, possession of, and risk of loss of the Charge Energy at all times, until
delivered to the Interconnection Point pursuant to a Dispatch Notice.
c.Resource Provider shall only use Charge Energy for its own use or for PREPA's benefit,
regardless of the Charge Source, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
7.5Station Use
Resource Provider shall have sole responsibility for the purchase and delivery of Energy to satisfy
Station Use requirements, it being understood that the Facility will not supply Energy for Station
Use.
7.6Unauthorized Charge and Renewable Energy Charge
During the Supply Period:
a.Resource Provider shall not charge the Facility other than pursuant to and as directed in a
Charge Notice, or in connection with a PREPA Performance Test;
b.if Resource Provider charges the Facility (i) to a Stored Energy Level greater than the
Stored Energy Level provided for in the Charge Notice or in any other manner contrary to
a Charge Notice, or (ii) without a Charge Notice (other than in connection with a PREPA
Performance Test) (the circumstances described in (i) and (ii) each, an "Unauthorized
Charge"), then (a) Resource Provider shall bear the cost of all Energy associated with such
charging, and (b) PREPA shall have the right to discharge such Energy in accordance with
a Dispatch Notice, and to retain all of the benefits associated with such discharge, in each
case at no additional cost and without credit to Resource Provider;
c.Resource Provider shall bear any charges, sanction, or penalties associated with an
Unauthorized Charge; and
d.if Resource Provider charges the Facility from a Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource:
(i) Resource Provider shall bear the cost of all Energy associated with such charging
("Renewable Energy Charge"), and (ii) PREPA shall have the right to discharge such
Energy in accordance with a Dispatch Notice, and to retain all of the benefits associated
with such discharge, in each case at no additional cost and without credit to Resource
Provider.
e_9548

--- Page 56 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
7.7Operation in Storage Mode
If the State of Charge of the Facility exceeds zero percent (0%), and PREPA has not issued to
Resource Provider either a Dispatch Notice to dispatch the Facility or a Charge Notice to charge
the Facility, Resource Provider shall operate the Facility in Storage Mode, subject to the Operating
Characteristics.
7.8Termination of the_PPOA for PREPA's Default during the ITC Period
If the PPOA terminates as a result of Default (as defined in the PPOA) by PREPA prior to the
earlier to occur of (a) the date on which the ITC Renewable Energy Charging Requirement is
eliminated, terminates or expires under Applicable Law, and (b) the fifth (5th) anniversary of the
Commercial Operation Date, PREPA shall pay to Resource Provider an amount equal to the ITC -
Related Net Losses suffered or incurred by Resource Provider as a result of such termination within
sixty (60) days of such termination.
8.METERING
8.1Meter Ownership & Maintenance
a.PREPA shall own and maintain the meters and metering equipment used to measure the
delivery and receipt of Charge Energy, Discharge Energy and Ancillary Services (the
"Main Meters"). Resource Provider shall install the Main Meters and all other meters and
metering equipment at the Co -Located Resource Connection Point and the Interconnection
Point, as well as Resource Provider's back-up meters and metering equipment at the
Facility to measure Discharge Energy, Ancillary Services and Charge Energy (at each
Charge Point),in accordance with Appendix II (Interconnection Description and
Specifications). The Main Meters must not measure Station Use, which Resource Provider
shall meter separately in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section 8.1.
b.Resource Provider shall separately install and meter Station Use with a revenue quality
meter or meters, installed in accordance with Appendix H (Interconnection Description
and Specifications) and conforming to the electrical service requirements, metering, and
applicable tariffs applicable to Station Use ("Station Use Meters"). PREPA shall own and
maintain the Station Use Meters. The Station Use Meters must not measure Discharge
Energy and Ancillary Services, which Resource Provider shall meter separately in
accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section 8.1.
c.The Main Meters, Station Use Meters and the back-up meters and metering equipment
shall meet PREPA's specifications and be subject to PREPA's approval, which approval
PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay, and which decision PREPA shall inform
Resource Provider of no later than ten (10) Business Days after Resource Provider's notice
to PREPA regarding the installation of the proposed meters.
8.2Meter Inspection
PREPA shall seal the Main Meters and the Station Use Meters. PREPA personnel may only break
the seals for inspection, testing or adjustment of the meters performed in accordance with this
Agreement. PREPA shall give Resource Provider ten (10) Business Days' prior written notice
thereof and Resource Provider shall have the right to have a representative present during the meter
inspection, testing, or adjustment. If either Party believes that there has been a meter failure or
49

--- Page 57 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
stoppage, it shall immediately notify the other Party to coordinate an inspection or test at the earliest
convenient date.
8.3Meter Testing & Calibration
a.At least annually, at PREPA's cost and, in addition from time to time upon ten (10)
Business Days' prior written notice by either Party atits cost (unless the results
demonstrate that meters for which PREPA has operation and maintenance responsibility
fall outside of the limits established in American National Standard Institute Code for
Electricity Metering (ANSI C12.16, latest version: "ANSI C12.16"), in which case PREPA
shall bear the cost of such additional tests), PREPA will test and verify the calibration of
the Main Meters and backup meters, in accordance with the provisions for meter testing as
established by ANSI C12.16. When, as a result of such a test, PREPA finds the Main
Meters within the range specified by the standard, PREPA shall not adjust the amount paid
to Resource Provider for the Energy Storage Services provided to PREPA. If PREPA finds
a Main Meter or backup meter outside the range specified by the standard, then the Party
owning such defective or inaccurate device shall adjust, repair, replace, and/or recalibrate
such device as near as practicable to a condition of zero (0) error (subject to Section 5.4
(Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities)) at that Party's expense. If PREPA finds
the Main Meters outside the range specified by the standard, and the backup meters within
such range, then the Parties shall use the backup meters to calculate the correct amount of
Energy Storage Services delivered (reasonably adjusted for line losses) to PREPA for the
actual period during which the Main Meters experience inaccurate measurements.
b.If the Parties cannot determine the actual period during which inaccurate measurements
were made, they shall use a period equal to the time elapsed since the most recent test, but
in no case for a period in excess of six (6) Months. If PREPA finds the Main Meters outside
the range specified by the standard, and either the backup meters are not available, or
testing demonstrates the backup meters are also out of calibration, each Party shall adjust
its meters, and the Parties shall use the corrected meter readings of the most accurate meter
for the actual period during which inaccurate measurements were made (reasonably
adjusted for line loses where appropriate). If the Parties cannot determine the actual period
during which inaccurate measurements were made, the Parties shall use a period equal to
one half of the time elapsed since the most recent test, but in no case for a period in excess
of six (6) Months.
c.To the extent that the adjustment period covers a period of deliveries for which PREPA
has already remitted payment, PREPA shall use the corrected measurements as determined
in accordance with this Section 8.3 to recalculate the amount due for the period of the
inaccuracy and shall subtract the previous payments by PREPA for this period from such
recomputed amount. If the difference is a positive number, PREPA shall pay the difference
to Resource Provider. If the difference is a negative number, Resource Provider shall pay
the difference to PREPA, or PREPA may offset such amounts against payments due to
Resource Provider by PREPA hereunder. The owing Party shall make the payment or credit
of such difference no later than thirty (30) Days after the owing Party receives written
notice of the amount due, unless PREPA elects (via written notice to Resource Provider)
payment via an offset. Each Party shall comply with any reasonable request of the other
Party concerning the sealing of meters, the presence of a representative of the other Party
when there are broken seals or the other Party is performing tests, and other matters
affecting the accuracy of the measurement of electricity delivered from the Facility.
50

--- Page 58 ---
C
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
8.4Meter Reading
During each one (I) Year period from and after the Initial Synchronization Date, PREPA shall read
the meters on a Monthly basis (prior to the last Day in each Month and, in any event, at least twelve
(12) times per Year (prorated for any partial Year)) to determine the amount of Energy Storage
Services provided to PREPA from the Facility for each Billing Period. At PREPA 's option, PRF.PA
may choose to read the meters more frequently and total such readings in accordance with the
applicable Billing Periods. PREPA shall provide Resource Provider with a written statement
containing the reading details and totals within ten (10) Days following the end of each Billing
Period. PREPA shall notify Resource Provider of any site meter readings and Resource Provider
may, at its option, be present for such reading.
8.5Data
From the Initial Synchronization Date until the expiration of the Supply Period, Resource Provider
shall own all data and information recorded from operation, scheduling, charging, dispatch, testing,
and maintenance of the Facility, and Resource Provider shall be deemed to have granted to PREPA
a non -terminable, transferable, non-exclusive, royalty free and cost free license to copy and use
such data and information for the purpose of modeling the Grid System and assessing the operation,
scheduling, charging, dispatch, metering and testing of the Facility during the Supply Period.
9.SALE & PURCHASE
9.1General
a.Resource Provider agrees to provide and sell Energy Storage Services, including all of the
Product produced by the Facility, exclusively to PREPA in accordance with this
Agreement.
b.PREPA agrees to pay for the Energy Storage Services, including all of the Product
produced by the Facility, through Monthly Payments determined in accordance with
Appendix F(Compensation),from the Initial Synchronization Date until the expiration of
the Supply Period, subject to the terms of this Agreement.
9.2Title & Risk of Loss
The Discharge Energy that Resource Provider makes available to PREPA under this Agreement
shall become the property of PREPA at the Interconnection Point, at which point title to the
Discharge Energy and all risk of loss associated with the Discharge Energy shall transfer to PREPA.
PREPA reserves the right to retain all rights, title, benefits, and other interest in, arising out of or
related to, the generation, transmission, distribution, or supply of such Discharge Energy that it or
any of its Affiliates may realize through its existing or future power generation sources (including
the Facility), customer agreements or other projects or improvements to the Grid System.
9.3Right of Resale
PREPA shall have the right to resell all or any portion of the Product purchased under this
Agreement, and Resource Provider shall, at no cost to PREPA, take all other reasonable actions
from and after the Initial Synchronization Date to assist PREPA in receiving, and otherwise ensure
that PREPA can receive and resell the Product, including submission of any reports or filings with
applicable Governmental Authorities.
51
(1

--- Page 59 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
9.4Ancillary Services
The Parties acknowledge and agree that PREPA may, from lime to time after the Commercial
Operation Date, request Resource Provider to provide PREPA with the Ancillary Services specified
in the MTRs by delivering notice thereof to Resource Provider pursuant to Article 7 (Dispatching
& Charging Obligations). Resource Provider shall provide such services in accordance with such
request, in partial consideration of the Monthly Payments and for no additional cost.
9.5Green Credits
if, at any time during the Term, Resource Provider accrues a right to Green Credits associated with
the provision of the Energy Storage Services, or otherwise generated in connection with the
operation of the Facility, then contemporaneously with the provision of such Energy Storage
Services or Facility operation, as applicable, and in partial consideration for the Monthly Payments,
Resource Provider shall convey to PREPA, at no additional cost, all such Green Credits. The Parties
shall execute all documentation required to confirm the registration of such Green Credits with the
North American Renewables Registry or another similar registry acceptable to Resource Provider
and PREPA (the "Registry") and the transfer of such Green Credits as reasonably requested by
PREPA in accordance with the rules of the Registry, in each case, at Resource Provider's expense.
PREPA shall have the sole right to own, market, trade, sell or otherwise transfer such Green Credits
available to or in respect of the Facility to any Person, and any Green Credits that are now available
or in the future might become available in respect of the Facility during the Supply Period shall
inure to the benefit of, and remain the property of, PREPA.
9.6Improvement in PREPA's Financial Condition
Following PREPA's emergence from the PREPA Bankruptcy, if Resource Provider enters into any
refinancing, Resource Provider and PREPA shall discuss in good faith an adjustment to the
Capability Payment Price to share the benefit of any savings accruing to Resource Provider from
such refinancing. For avoidance of doubt, the Parties shall only adjust the Capability Payment
Price in accordance with this Section 9.6 if mutually agreed by the Parties.
10.PAYMENT & BILLINGS
l0. IInvoice for Monthly Payment
a.On or before the fifteenth (151) Day following the end of each Billing Period (or if later,
within five (5) Days after Resource Provider receives the meter reading data pursuant to
Section 8.4 (Meter Reading)), Resource Provider shall provide PREPA with a written
invoice for the Monthly Payment relating to such Billing Period. Each invoice shall
include,as applicable, the Monthly Fixed Payment, Other Payment Adjustments,
Discharge Energy, Charge Energy, Ancillary Services, Green Credits, the Balance,
information necessary to determine Facility performance, insurance payments, credits or
payments owing to PREPA, and an itemized statement of all other charges under this
Agreement, as of such Billing Period.
b.PREPA shall use reasonable efforts to review each invoice and notify Resource Provider
of any invoicing issues within thirty (30) Days after receipt thereof. Upon PREPA's
request, Resource Provider shall furnish, within seven (7) Days, such further information
as PREPA may reasonably request in support of the invoice.
52

--- Page 60 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
c.To the extent that an invoice complies with the requirements set forth in this Agreement,
and subject to any direct agreement with Project Lenders, PREPA shall remit payment of
undisputed amounts owed under such invoice no later than forty-five (45) Days after
PREPA's receipt of such invoice and allrequired supporting documentation and
certifications. Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that PREPA may withhold
payment (without accruing Interest) beyond such date if and so long as Resource Provider
has failed to provide evidence that it has maintained the insurance policies required by this
Agreement and in accordance with Section 17.2 (Tracking Account).
d.PREPA will charge all payments that it owes under this Agreement to PREPA's budget
account number 01-4042-54710-050-668-0000 and estimates that its costs under this
Agreement will not exceed four hundred fifty million four hundred twenty-three thousand
four hundred ninety-one dollars and ninety cents ($450,423,491.90). For the avoidance of
doubt, the Parties have set out the expected account number and estimate of costs for
informational purposes to satisfy the requirements of the Puerto Rico Controller. This
paragraph does not bind the Parties or modify any other provision of this Agreement.
e.If agreed or determined that PREPA has underpaid an invoice, then Interest shall accrue
on the payments due to Resource Provider commencing on the Day after the date on which
PREPA had the obligation to remit such payment pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section
10.1, and continue until, but excluding, the relevant payment date.
fIf agreed or determined that PREPA has overpaid an invoice, then PREPA shall have the
right to deduct the amount of such overpayment (plus Interest, calculated from the date of
such overpayment to its repayment, in cases where the overpayment resulted from amounts
stated in Resource Provider's invoices) from future payments in the immediately following
Billing Period(s) until PREPA has received full credit for such overpayment.
10.2Resource Provider Invoice Certification
Resource Provider shall submit all invoices in the form acceptable to PREPA and shall include in
each such invoice the following certification:
No Interest Certification:
"We certify under penalty of nullity that no public servant of PREPA will derive or obtain any benefit
or profit of any kind from the contractual relationship, which is the basis of this invoice. If such benefit
or profit exists, the required waiver has been obtained prior to entering into the Agreement. The only
consideration to be received in exchange for the performance of the energy storage services provided
is the agreed -upon price that has been negotiated with an authorized representative of PREPA. The
total amount shown on this invoice is true and correct. The energy storage services have been
rendered, and no payment has been received"
Resource Provider's Signature
Resource Provider acknowledges that the above certification constitutes an essential requirement
of this Agreement and that PREPA will not process for payment invoices provided without this
certification. In order to comply with the certification requirements set forth above, Resource
Provider shall require that its subcontractors also include the certification set forth above in any
invoices submitted in connection with energy or services provided under this Agreement.
53

--- Page 61 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
10.3Invoice for Liquidated Damages
If Liquidated Damages accrue under this Agreement or moneys are otherwise due from Resource
Provider to PREPA in accordance with this Agreement, PREPA shall provide Resource Provider
with a written invoice for such Liquidated Damages or amounts, showing the basis for the
calculation of the amounts payable by Resource Provider thereunder. Resource Provider shall use
reasonable efforts to review each invoice and notify PREPA of any invoicing issues within ten (10)
Business Days after receipt thereof. Resource Provider shall remit payment of amounts owed under
such invoice no later than thirty (30) Days after Resource Provider's receipt of such invoice
(including in the event of a disputed invoice). If Resource Provider does not pay the full amount of
any such invoice when due, any unpaid amount thereof shall bear Interest, from the Day following
the due date until, but excluding the relevant payment date.
10.4Payment Set -Off
Notwithstanding the payment requirements set forth in this Article 10, PREPA shall have the right
to set off any amounts due and owing to PREPA by Resource Provider pursuant to this Agreement,
but which remain unpaid, against the amounts due and owing to Resource Provider by PREPA,
provided that (i) such amounts are undisputed, have been determined to be owed to PREPA by a
final determination pursuant to Article 21 (Dispute Resolution), or are explicitly described in this
Agreement, and (ii) PREPA has provided Resource Provider with five (5) Business Days' advance
written notice describing in reasonable detail the amounts that PREPA will set off before effecting
any such set off.
10.5Payment Method
A Party shall make payments to the other Party by wire transfer to an account with a bank specified
by such Party in writing, which such Party shall notify to the other Party prior to the Closing Date,
or with such other banks as may thereafter be specified by a Party in writing at least ten (10) Days
prior to the date in which payment becomes due. Either Party may, by written notice to the other
Party, change the address to which the notifying Party remits such payments.
10.6Disputed Invoices
The Parties shall use their reasonable efforts to resolve any Dispute regarding payment of any
invoice issued under this Article 10 by amicable negotiation, provided that if the Parties fail to
resolve such Dispute by the payment due date, then either Party may refer the Dispute for resolution
in accordance with Article 21 (Dispute Resolution).
I1.LIABILITY
11.1General
From and after the Initial Synchronization Date, each Party shall have responsibility for the Energy
and facilities located on its respective side of the Interconnection Point. Except as provided in
Section 11.2 (Foreseeable Damages), Resource Provider shall have no liability to PREPA for loss
or damage to PREPA's generation, transmission, and distribution system, resulting directly or
indirectly from the use, misuse or presence of said energy once it passes the Interconnection Point.
54

--- Page 62 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
11.2Foreseeable Damages
Subject to the limitations set forth in Section 11.3 (No Liability) and Section 11.5 (Resource
Provider Liability Cap), and except where a provision of this Agreement expressly entitles PREPA
to draw down on the entire undrawn portion of the face amount of the Performance Security, each
Party shall have liability for all foreseeable damages suffered by the other Party as a necessary
consequence of the first Party's negligent performance or omissions or failure to perform its
respective obligations under this Agreement, including during any cure period in accordance with
Article 15 (Termination), and as stated under Article1 168 of the Puerto Rico Civil Code. For
purposes of this provision, the "foreseeable damages" shall include (without duplication) (i) if the
Agreement is terminated due to the first Party's negligent performance or omissions or failure to
perform its respective obligations under this Agreement, the direct economic loss of the other Party,
if any, resulting from termination of this Agreement, (ii) all costs, brokerage fees, commissions,
legal expenses, and other similar transaction costs and expenses, reasonably incurred by the other
Party in connection with the first Party's negligent performance or omissions or failure to perform
its respective obligations under this Agreement, and (iii) with respect to Resource Provider, costs
and losses to Resource Provider in respect of any debt financing of the Facility (including as a result
of any acceleration of such debt).
11.3No Liability
Neither Party nor its officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees, and representatives shall,
in any event, be liable to the other Party or its officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees
or representatives for Claims for incidental, consequential, special, punitive, or indirect damages
to persons or property, whether arising in tort, contract or otherwise, connected with or resulting
from performance or non-performance under this Agreement including without limitation, Claims
made by either Party's customers or suppliers, Claims made by third parties, Claims made by either
Party for lost profits (other than payments expressly contemplated by any provision of this
Agreement) or Claims arising from Force Majeure; provided that nothing contained in this Section
11.3 shall exclude or limit a Party's liability for (x) fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence
or (y) the foreseeable damage expressly contemplated by clauses (ii) and (iii) of Section 11.2
(Foreseeable Damages).
11.4Obligation to Pay
Nothing in this Article 11 shall relieve either Party of its obligation to make payments that become
due pursuant to Article 10 (Payment & Billings).
11.5Resource Provider Liability Cap
RESOURCE PROVIDER'S LIABILITY TO PREPA UNDER THIS AGREEMENT,
WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, WARRANTY OR TORT, INCLUDING ERRORS
OR OMISSIONS, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, OR ANY
OTHER CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION, WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL CLAIMS
SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE RESOURCE PROVIDER
LIABILITY CAP; PROVIDED THAT (I) NOTIIING CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION
11.5 SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT RESOURCE PROVIDER'S LIABILITY FOR THE
EXCEPTIONS, AND(II)FOR PURPOSES OF DETERMINING RESOURCE
PROVIDER'S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT THAT
IS WITHIN THE RESOURCE PROVIDER LIABILITY CAP, THE PARTIES SHALL
DEDUCT TILE PROCEEDS OF INSURANCE RECEIVED BY RESOURCE PROVIDER
55

--- Page 63 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
(OR WOULD HAVE RECEIVED HAD RESOURCE PROVIDER COMPLIED WITH THE
TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT), RELATING TO THE EVENT OR CIRCUMSTANCES
WHICH RESULTED IN SUCH LIABILITY.
12.REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, & COVENANTS
12.1Compliance with Law
The Parties shall, at all times and in all material respects, comply with Applicable Law, including
the Bulk -Power System EO (if in effect), and such other Laws applicable to (i) the use, occupancy,
and operation of the Facility, and (ii) Resource Provider as an Electric Power Company or Electric
Power Generation Company (each, as defined under Act 57-2014), as the case may be. Resource
Provider shall give all required notices, shall procure and maintain all Permits, and shall pay all
charges and fees requiredín connection therewith. Resource Provider shall complete all
environmental impact studies necessary for the design, construction, operation, and maintenance
of the Facility. Once obtained, Resource Provider shall comply with, and promptly submit to
PREPA copies of, all material Permits and other permits contemplated by this Section 12.1.
Furthermore, pursuant to Section 5(f) of Act 120-2018 and subject to the provisions of this
Agreement, Resource Provider shall at all times comply with the public policy and regulatory
framework applicable to the Facility.
12.2Fines & Penalties
Each Party shall have sole responsibility for the payment of any and all fines or other penalties
incurred by or imposed upon such Party or its agents, suppliers, employees, or subcontractors for
noncompliance by such Party, its agents, employees, suppliers, or subcontractors with Applicable
Law to or in connection with, (i) in the case of Resource Provider, the development, construction,
ownership and operation, maintenance or repair of the Facility, except to the extent that any act or
omission of PREPA caused such noncompliance, and (ii) in the case of PREPA, the proper
operation of the Grid System, except to the extent that any act or omission of Resource Provider
caused such noncompliance, in each case as determined by applicable Governmental Authority
having jurisdiction over the Facility, subject to the indemnification provisions of Article 13
(Indemnification).
12.3Resource Provider Representations & Warranties
a.Resource Provider represents and warrants to PREPA on the Agreement Date, and again
on the Closing Date, as follows:
Resource Provider is a limited liability company, duly organized, validly existing
under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; and Resource Provider has
all requisite power and authority to conduct its business, to own its properties, and
to execute, to deliver, and to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
2.the execution, delivery, and performance by Resource Provider of this Agreement
have been duly authorized, and do not and will not (i) require any additional
internal consent or approval of Resource Provider, any Sponsor or any Affiliate of
either of them; or (ii) violate any provision of Resource Provider's certificate of
formation or operating agreement, or any material indenture, contract or agreement
to which it is a party or by which it or its properties may be bound, or any
Applicable Law, determination or award presently in effect;
56

--- Page 64 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
3.Resource Provider is not in default under any document or instrument referred to
in clause (ii) of item (2), paragraph (a) of this Section 12.3, which default could
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of Resource
Provider to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
4.this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid, and binding obligation of Resource
Provider, enforceable against Resource Provider in accordance with its terms,
except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws
affecting the enforcement of rights generally; and
5.except as previously disclosed in writing, there is no pending action or proceeding
in which Resource Provider is a party before any court, governmental agency or
arbitrator that could reasonably be expected to affect materially and adversely the
financial condition or operations of Resource Provider or the ability of Resource
Provider to perform its obligations under, or which purports to affect the legality,
validity or enforceability of, this Agreement as in effect on the date hereof; and
b.Resource Provider represents and warrants on the Commercial Operation Date that the
Facility qualifies as a source of "green energy" under Act 82-2010.
12.4PREPA Representations & Warranties
PREPA represents and warrants to Resource Provider on the Agreement Date, and again on the
Closing Date, as follows:
a.pursuant to Act No. 83 of May 2, 1941, as amended, PREPA is a public corporation duly
organized and validly existing under the Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and
has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business as now conducted, to own its
properties, and to execute, to deliver, and to perform its obligations under this Agreement;
b.the execution, delivery, and performance by PREPA of this Agreement, including
PREPA's agreement that all of Resource Provider's costs and obligations owed to
Resource Provider under the Agreement constitute administrative expenses (i) has been
duly authorized by PREPA's governing board in accordance with Applicable Law, (ii) does
not and will not require any additional internal consent or approval of PREPA, (iii) does
not require any approval from the PROMESA Court or any other additional external
consent or approval, other than those approvals expressly identified in this Agreement, and
(iv) does not and will not violate any Applicable Law, including any provision of Act No.
83 of May 2, 1941, as amended, or its regulations, or any material indenture, contract or
agreement to which it is a party or by which its properties may be bound;
c.this Agreement is a legal, valid, and binding obligation of PREPA, enforceable against
PREPA in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of rights generally;
d.(i) Resource Provider's right to payment for charges validly incurred in accordance with
this Agreement or owed by PREPA under this Agreement arise from a post -petition
transaction with PREPA, (ii) the consideration made available by Resource Provider
benefits PREPA, and supports PREPA's obligations, under this Agreement, and (iii) as a
result of the foregoing, Resource Provider's right to payment for charges validly incurred
in accordance with this Agreement or owed by PREPA under this Agreement during the
57

--- Page 65 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
PREPA Bankruptcy constitute reasonable and necessary expenses of preserving PREPA
and an administrative expense; and
e.other than the PREPA Bankruptcy, except as previously disclosed in writing, there is no
pending action or proceeding in which PREPA is a party before any court, governmental
agency or arbitrator that could reasonably be expected to affect materially and adversely
the financial condition or operations of PREPA or the ability of PREPA to perform its
obligations under, or which purports to affect the legality, validity or enforceability of, this
Agreement as in effect on the date hereof.
12.5Resource Provider Payments
PREPA shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that Monthly Payments under this
Agreement constitute necessary operating expenses.
I2.6Resource Provider's Financial Statements
For each of Resource Provider's fiscal years (or part thereof) during the Term, commencing with
fiscal year 2022, Resource Provider shall deliver to PREPA its audited financial statements for such
fiscal year, prepared in accordance with GAAP, no later than one hundred twenty (120) Days
following the completion of such fiscal year.
12.7Resource Provider's Officers
If a change or substitution of one or more of Resource Provider's corporate officers occurs, then
Resource Provider shall deliver to PREPA a certification of the names of its corporate officers.
12.8Other Business
Resource Provider shall not (i) engage in any business activity other than as reasonably required to
perform its obligations under this Agreement and the Interconnection Agreement, (ii) enter into
any merger, consolidation or amalgamation with any entity, or (iii) demerge, separate or split into
one or more entities, in each case, without PREPA's prior written consent, which consent PREPA
shall not unreasonably withhold or delay.
12.9Confidentiality
a.Each Party (thc "Receiving Party") shall keep all Agreement terms and information
obtained from the other Party (the "Disclosing Party"), and not otherwise generally
available to the public (but without limitation of any liability the Receiving Party may have
to the Disclosing Party for information that becomes generally available to the public
through the negligence or willful misconduct of any of the Receiving Party, its Affiliates
or their respective employees, agents and representatives), confidential and use such
information solely in connection with the performance of its obligations under this
Agreement. Disclosure of such information may be made only within the Receiving Party's
organization to key personnel, to third parties serving as the Receiving Party's legal,
financial or technical advisors whose duties justify their need to review and know such
material, and to lenders, prospective lenders, investors and prospective investors. The
Receiving Party shall require each Person (and personnel thereof) to agree in writing for
the benefit of the Disclosing Party to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
58

--- Page 66 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
b.To the extent any Governmental Authority requires a Receiving Party to disclose such
information orrequires such informationtosecure a governmental approval or
authorization, such Receiving Party shall promptly notify the Disclosing Party and use its
commercially reasonable effortstoseek a confidentiality agreement thatassures
confidential treatment of the information consistent with the terms of this paragraph (b) of
this Section 12.9. In the event the Receiving Party cannot obtain a confidentiality
agreement, such Receiving Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain
through court action the appropriate protective order. Notwithstanding the foregoing and
paragraph (a) of this Section 12.9, PREPA may disclose the terms and conditions of this
Agreement to(i) FOMB, PREB, COR3, P3A, the PROMESA Court, and any
Governmental Authority for the purpose of obtaining the consents and approvals, together
with such additional information as may be required to obtain such consents and approvals,
(ii) COR3, P3A, any owner of the Grid System, and any potential or then -existing T&D
Operator and their respective advisors and lenders, and (iii) the Puerto Rico Controller
through the filings required by Applicable Law, which will make this Agreement subject
to the open records requirement.
12.10Local Content
a.Resource Provider agrees to use its reasonable efforts when soliciting and obtaining
personnel to perform services for the Facility ín Puerto Rico, to ensure that individuals who
arebona fideresidents of Puerto Rico as defined in paragraph (c) of this Section 12.10
perform not less than thirty percent (30%) of the total personnel hours expended in the
construction of the Facility (prior to the Commercial Operation Date) and not less than
thirty percent (30%) of the total personnel hours expended in Resource Provider's
performance of the Energy Storage Services pursuant to this Agreement (following the
Commercial Operation Date).
b.Resource Provider agrees to use its reasonable efforts when soliciting and selecting
subcontractors and vendors to perform services for the Facility in Puerto Rico, to ensure
that business concerns owned and controlled by one or more individuals, who arebona fide
residents of Puerto Rico as defined in paragraph (c) of this Section 12.10, perform not less
than thirty percent (30%) of the total personnel hours expended in the construction of the
Facility (prior to the Commercial Operation Date), as measured by person -hours on an
annual basis. For purposes of the preceding sentence, `owned and controlled" means a
business: (i) owned at least fifty-one percent (51%) by one or more of such individuals
(e.g.,in the case of a corporate form of organization such individuals must hold at least
fifty-one percent (51%) of all voting stock of the corporation; in the case of a partnership
or other form of business concern such individuals must hold at least fifty-one percent
(51%) of the beneficial interests in the partnership or business concern); and (ii) one or
more of such Persons (who need not be owners of the business) control the management
and daily business operations.
c.For purposes of this paragraph (c), abona fideresident of Puerto Rico means an individual
who has been a resident of Puerto Rico immediately prior to commencing work on the
Facility. To the extent that despite Resource Provider's reasonable efforts Resource
Provider has failed to achieve the goals set forth in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section
12.10, Resource Provider may, for purposes of calculating satisfaction of such percentages
of local content, include the services of individuals who at some time prior to commencing
work on the Facility, but not necessarily including the period of time immediately prior to
commencing work on the Facility, were residents of Puerto Rico for at least five (5)
59

--- Page 67 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
consecutive Years and who relocated to Puerto Rico in order to perform work on the
Facility. Resource Provider shall, in good faith, be entitled to rely on the representation of
each individual applicant and of each subcontractor or vendor as to whether such
individual, subcontractor or vendor meets the criteria set forth herein. Resource Provider
shall require equivalent undertakings from its subcontractors.
d.Nothing contained herein shall be interpreted as obligating Resource Provider to take any
action which would violate Applicable Law or any affirmative action program or equal
opportunity obligation to which Resource Provider or its Affiliates arc or may be bound
under Applicable Law.
12.11Subcontracting
Neither Party shall be relieved of its obligations under this Agreement as a result of subcontracting
any of its obligations to a third party.
12.12Administrative Expense Treatment
PREPA and Resource Provider stipulate that this Agreement is a post -petition agreement executed
alter the petition date and entitled to administrative expense treatment under PROME;SA and the
Bankruptcy Code. Further, PREPA stipulates that all of Resource Provider's costs and obligations
owed to Resource Provider under this Agreement will be treated as administrative expenses and
will support such recovery in any proceeding before any relevant court.
13.INDEMNIFICATION
13.1General
Subject to the other provisions of this Article 13, each Party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall
indemnify and hold harmless the other Party and each of its Indemnitees from and against any and
all Claims by third parties for or on account of injury, bodily or otherwise, or death of persons or
for damage to or destruction of third -party property, in each case to the extent resulting from or
arising out of the Indemnifying Party's violation of Law, negligence, willful misconduct or failure
to perform under this Agreement.
13.2Notice of Claim
In the event any Party to this Agreement receives notice of any Claim for which such Party elects
to assert a right of indemnification under this Article 13 the Party receiving such notice shall give
prompt written notice to the other Party of such Claim. The Party required to give the
indemnification and hold hannless under the terms and provisions of this Agreement will have
control of the defense of any such Claim (except to the extent prevented by any legal conflict of
interest), including the selection of counsel to handle same. In addition to the counsel so selected,
the Party being indemnified and held harmless shall be entitled to be represented by counsel of his
or her choosing, but in such event, such Party shall bear the cost and expense of said additional
counsel.
m 

--- Page 68 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
13.3Claims Arising From Environmental Harm
Resource Provider shall indemnify and hold harmless PREPA, and each of its Indemnitees, against
any and all Claims arising directly or indirectly out of any environmental harm due to the actions
of Resource Provider or Resource Provider's agents or employees during the design, development,
construction or operation of the Facility, in each case as a result of the presence at the Facility of
pollutants, hazardous substances, materials or wastes in excess of amounts and concentrations
permitted by Applicable Law then in effect. In the event Resource Provider fails to reimburse
PREPA for such Claims within thirty (30) Days of receipt of written notice from PREPA stating
that such Claims were incurred (including reasonable documentation of such Claims), PREPA may
offset the amount of such Claims against amounts due to Resource Provider from PREPA under
this Agreement. In the event Resource Provider disputes that Claims are due to the actions of
Resource Provider or Resource Provider's agents, the Parties shall resolve such Dispute pursuant
to Article 21 (Dispute Resolution), and PREPA shall not offset any such disputed amounts until
final settlement under Article 21 (Dispute Resolution).
14.FORCE MAJEURE
14.1General
"Force Majeure" means, subject to Section 14.2 (Instances of Force Majeure), any event or
circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the affected Party (the "Affected Party") and not
resulting from the fault or negligence of the Affected Party claiming the Force Majeure, which
wholly or partially prevents the Affected Party from performing any of its obligations tinder this
Agreement, but only if and to the extent that:
a.the Affected Party could not have prevented, avoided, or removed such circumstance,
despite the exercise of reasonable diligence consistent with Prudent Utility Practices;
b.the Affected Party has taken all reasonable precautions, due care, and reasonable
alternative measures in order to (i) avoid the effect of such event or circumstance on the
Affected Party's ability to perform such obligation under this Contract, and (ii) mitigate
the consequences thereof;
c.such event or circumstance did not directly or indirectly arise out of the breach by the
Affected Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or the fault or negligence of
the Affected Party; and
d.the Affected Party has given the other Party ("Non -Affected Party") notice of such event
or circumstance in accordance with Section 14.3 (Notice).
Except as provided in Section 14.4 (Consequences), Force Majeure shall excuse the Affected Party
claiming the Force Majeure from performing the obligation affected by such Force Majeure and
the Affected Party shall have no liability for damages or otherwise to the extent caused by such
non-performance. The Affected Party shall bear the burden of proving whether Force Majeure has
occurred.
14.2Instances of Force Majeure
Provided that a claim of Force Majeure satisfies the requirements of Section 14.1 (General), Force
Majeure may include the following events: (i) the act or failure to act of any Governmental
Authority, any Pending Permit Delay, acts of public or foreign enemy, war, invasion, rebellion,
61

--- Page 69 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
terrorism, riots, insurrections, civil or industrial disturbances, strikes (national and other general
strikes), lockouts, boycotts, works to rule, go-slows and other public agitation, and blockades (such
qualifying events,"Political Force Majeure");(ii)acts of God, epidemics, pandemics,
earthquakes, storms, tornado, drought, hail, plague, lightning, hurricane, natural calamity, floods,
fires, and explosions; (iii) failure or delay of any subcontractor or supplier of the Affected Party to
perform as a result of an event that would constitute Force Majeure hereunder; (iv) port congestion
or closure or (v) prior to the Initial Synchronization Date, inability to secure necessary project
goods or labor at prices less than ten percent (10 %) above prevailing market prices as of the
Agreement Date as a result of one or more events that materially limit the availability, materially
delay the delivery, or materially increase the cost, of such necessary project goods or labor after
such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Force Majeure shall expressly not include:
a.the bankruptcy of a Party or any of its subcontractors or suppliers at any tier;
b.breakdown or defect of temporary works or the Resource Provider's equipment or any
subcontractor's equipment, other than breakdown caused by a separate Force Majeure;
c.any changes in prevailing market prices for goods, fuel, or labor, other than as described
in clause (v) of this Section 14.2;
d.strikes, lockouts, works to rule, go-slows, and other industrial disturbances that are limited
to personnel of Resource Provider and any of its Affiliates;
e.any failure by a Party to obtain and/or maintain a Permit, other than in the case ofa Pending
Permit Delay;
f.any Pending Permit Delays in excess of eighteen (18) Months; or
gany promulgation by the U.S. Department of Energy of implementation rules for the Bulk -
Power System Et) after the Agreement Date that causes delay in excess of twelve (12)
Months.
14.3Notice
A Party claiming Force Majeure shall, within ten (10) Days after becoming aware of the occurrence
of the event(s) which forms the basis for such claim, give the Non -Affected Party written notice
thereof, describing (i) the particulars of such occurrence, (ii) an estimate of the duration of the
impact of such event on the Affected Party's ability to perform its obligations, and (iii) how such
claim otherwise satisfies the requirements of Section 14.1 (General), provided that if the Affected
Party fails to notify the other Party within such ten (10) Day period, the Affected Party will not be
precluded from claiming Force Majeure, but Force Majeure will be deemed to have commenced as
of the date on which such notice is given.
14.4Consequences
Subject to Appendix F (Compensation), neither Party shall be excused by reason of Force Majeure
from the obligation to make any payments when due to the other Party.
14.5Disputes
if a Party Disputes the other Party's claim of Force Majeure, such Dispute shall be resolved
pursuant to Article 21 (Dispute Resolution).
62

--- Page 70 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
14.6Extended Force Majeure
Either Party may terminate this Agreement, without further liability for either Party, by notice in
writing to the other Party upon the occurrence and continuation of Force Majeure for more than
twenty-four (24) consecutive Months.
15.TERMINATION
15.1Termination Date
Subject to Section 15.2 (No Discharge of Obligations), this Agreement shall automatically
terminate on the earlier to occur of:
a.expiration of the Term;
b.mutual consent of the Parties in writing;
c.termination of the Agreement identified in a written notice delivered by the non -defaulting
Party following the occurrence and continuation of a Default, provided that the termination
date occurs no earlier than thirty (30) Days after the issuance of such notice, and if the
defaulting Party can cure such Default, such Party fails to cure such Default within such
thirty (30) Day period;
d.the inability of the Parties to achieve the Closing Date by the date required under Section
2.3 (Initial Effectiveness & Closing Dale);
e.prior to the Initial Synchronization Date only, the determination by Resource Provider (as
notified to PREPA in writing) to terminate this Agreement and the Interconnection
Agreement upon the continuance of a Pending Permit Delay in excess of eighteen (18)
Months without further liability to either Party;
f.termination of this Agreement by a Party in accordance with Section 14.6 (Extended Force
Majeure);
g.a Construction Start Termination Event;
h.a COD Termination Event; or
i.Payment Guarantee Cross -Default.
15.2No Discharge of Obligations
Cancellation, expiration, or earlier termination of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of
obligations incurred prior to, or as a result of, such cancellation, expiration, or earlier termination
of this Agreement, which by their nature should survive such events, including Articles 11
(Liability), 13 (Indemnification), 14 (Force Majeure), 15 (Termination), 21 (Dispute Resolution)
and 22 (Miscellaneous Provisions), Sections 2.5 (Performance Security), 3.5 (Delay Liquidated
Damages), 6.8 (Record Keeping), 12.9 (Confidentiality), 16.2 (Certain Material Breaches), and
17.2 (Tracking Account), and Appendix P (Performance Guarantee). The Articles, Sections, and
Appendices designated in the preceding sentence shall survive the Tenmination Date, provided that
Section 12.9 (Confidentiality) and Article 13 (Indemnification) shall expire on the first (I") and
second (2id) anniversary of the Termination Date, respectively. Without limiting the foregoing,
63

--- Page 71 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
termination of this Agreement shall not discharge either Party from any Claim or obligation it owes
to the other Party under this Agreement by reason of any transaction, loss, cost, damage, expense,
or liability which shall occur or arise (or the circumstances, events, or basis of which shall occur or
arise) prior to the Termination Date. Any such Claim or obligation owed (whether the same shall
be known or unknown at termination or whether the circumstances, events, or basis of the same
shall be known or unknown at termination) shall survive the Termination Date. Except as otherwise
expressly contemplated by this Agreement, any indebtedness by either Party to the other shall be
considered payable within ninety (90) Days after the Termination Date.
15.3Removal of Facility & Related Equipment
Following the Termination Date, Resource Provider shall be entirely responsible (at its sole cost,
risk, and expense) for owning, operating, maintaining, and ultimately removing the Facility and
related equipment at the end of their useful lives in accordance with all Applicable Laws.
16.DEFAULT
16.1Definition
The following events shall constitute a "Default" under this Agreement:
a.for Resource Provider as the defaulting Party only, the provision of materially incorrect or
misleading information, representation or certification submitted (or made) by Resource
Provider in connection with either (i) the submission of Resource Provider's proposal to
PREPA in response to the RFP, or (ii) the execution, delivery or performance by Resource
Provider of this Agreement, in each case relating to either (a) corruption or bribery matters,
or (b) a representation made by Resource Provider under Section 16.2 (Certain Material
Breaches);
b.except as otherwise covered in paragraph (a) of this Section 16.1, a materially incorrect or
misleading representation or warranty made by a Party under this Agreement or any
certification submitted by a Partyin connection with the execution, delivery of
performance of this Agreement, which in either case remains uncured for a period of at
least sixty (60) Days after receipt by such Party of notice thereof from the other Party;
c.for Resource Provider as the defaulting Party only, default by Resource Provider in the
observance or performance of any covenant contained in Section 2.5 (Performance
Security) where such default continues uncured for a period of at least thirty (30) Days
after the date on which Resource Provider receives written notice from PREPA of such
failure;
d.a Party's failure to remit in full any amount due and payable under this Agreement to the
other Party, which the first Party fails to cure within sixty (60) Days after the date on which
the first Party receives written notice from the other Party of such failure (other than
disputed amounts, which the Parties shall resolve in accordance with Article 21 (Dispute
Resolution));
e.for Resource Provider as defaulting Party, a default by Resource Provider under paragraphs
(a) or (b) of Section 16.2 (Certain Material Breaches);

--- Page 72 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
f.except as otherwise covered in paragraphs (c) or (d) of this Section 16.1, default by a Party
in the observance or performance of any of the material terms, covenants, or conditions
contained in this Agreement, which remains uncured for a period of one hundred twenty
(120) Days after the date on which the first Party receives written notice from the other
Party of such failure, or such longer period (not to exceed an additional cure period of one
hundred fifty (150) Days if the first Party can cure such default and diligently pursues such
cure);
g.for Resource Provider only as the defaulting Party:
I.a termination of the Interconnection Agreement due to default by Resource
Provider;
2.an Insolvency Event;
3.a Development Abandonment;
4.after the Commercial Operation Date, Facility Availability equals zero (0) for any
period of twelve (12) consecutive Months;
5.the rolling average of Facility Availability falls below seventy percent (70%) in
any three (3) consecutive Billing Periods, or such longer period of time not to
exceed eighteen (18) months so long as Resource Providcr continues to exercise
its best efforts to restore full Facility Availability;
6.the Actual Efficiency of the Facility falls below the Guaranteed Efficiency by ten
percent (10%) or more for a period of six (6) consecutive Months; or
7,a Payment Guarantee Cross -Default,
in each case for any reason other than a PREPA Risk Event or Force Majeure affecting
Resource Provider; and
h.for PREPA only as the defaulting Party, at any time during the Term, condemnation of the
Project by PREPA or any Governmental Authority in Puerto Rico in accordance with
Applicable Law.
16.2Certain Material Breaches
a.Pursuantto FOMB's contractreviewpolicy (FOMB POLICY: REVIEW OF
CONTRACTS, as modified on October 30, 2020), Resource Provider represents and
warrants to PREPA on the Agreement Date, and again on the Closing Date, (i) the due
execution by Resource Provider and delivery to PREPA of a certification (the "FOMB
Certification") in the form set out in Appendix R (Form of FOMB Certification), and (ii)
the completeness, accuracy, and correctness of all information included in such FOMB
Certification. As acknowledged, certified, and agreed in the FOMB Certification, any
misrepresentation, inaccuracy, or falseness in such FOMB Certification shall render this
Agreement null and void, and Resource Provider shall reimburse PREPA immediately for
any amounts, payments or benefits received from PREPA trader this Agreement.
65

--- Page 73 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
b.In accordance with Article 3.4 of Act 2-2018, as amended, known as the Anti -Corruption
Code for a New Puerto Rico of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, as amended, Resource
Provider acknowledges and agrees that its conviction or guilty plea for any of the crimes
as enumerated in Article 3.4 of such Act, in addition to any other applicable liability, shall
render this Agreement null and void, and Resource Provider shall reimburse PREPA
immediately for any amounts, payments or benefits received from PREPA under this
Agreement that directly resulted from the committed crime, but only to the extent required
by Act 2-2018.
c.PREPA shall have the right to terminate this Agreement if Puerto Rico or United States
Federal Court convicts Resource Provider under Articles 4.2, 4.3 or 5.7 of Act 1-2012, as
amended, known as the Organic Act of the Office of Government Ethics of Puerto Rico,
of any of the crimes listed in Articles 250 through 266 of Act 146-2012, as amended, known
as the Puerto Rico Penal Code, any of the crimes typified in Act 2-20I8, as amended,
known as the Anti -Corruption Code for a New Puerto Rico or any other felony that involves
the misuse of public funds or property, including the crimes mentioned in Article 6.8 of
Act 8-2017, as amended, known as the Act for the Administration and Transformation of
I Iuman Resources in the Government of Puerto Rico.
d.Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that the conditions outlined throughout this
Section 16.2 constitute essential requirements of this Agreement.
16.3Remedies & Disputes
Upon the occurrence of a Default, the non -defaulting Party shall have the right to invoke its
remedies under this Agreement and/or under Applicable Law. Any Disputes in connection with the
existence of a Default shall be resolved in the manner prescribed in Article 2I (Dispute Resolution).
17.CHANGE -OF -LAW & TAXES
17.1Change -of -Law
a.Resource Provider shall bear all costs, including all Taxes and Environmental Costs,
applicable to the construction and operation of the Facility, provided that, PREPA shall
reimburse Resource Provider:
1.for a Change -of -Law with respect to Applicable Law of any jurisdiction within the
United States other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, fifty percent (50%) of
the Post -Resource Provider Execution Date Taxes and Post -Resource Provider
Execution Date Environmental Costs, subject to Section 17.2 (Tracking Account);
and
2.for a Change -of -Law with respect to Applicable Law of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico or any jurisdiction within the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, one
hundred percent (100%) of the Resource Provider's additional costs resulting from
measures required to comply with such Changc-of-Law,
in each case, arising from such Change -of -Law net of any cost reductions (collectively, the
"Additional Costs"); and
`J '66
415

--- Page 74 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
b.PREPA shall reimburse the Additional Costs by way of an equitable adjustment to the
Capability Payment Price. The Parties agree that PREPA shall have the right to (i) an
annual audit of the payment or credit adjustments made in accordance with this paragraph,
and (ii) adjust the Capability Payment Price if necessary, as a result of the findings of such
audit. Both Parties shall have the right to participate in such audit
17.2Tracking Account
a.The Parties shall record all Additional Costs referred to in item (1), paragraph (a) of Section
17.1(Change -of -Law)that are paid by PREPA according to Section 17.1(Change -of -Law)
inan unfunded tracking account maintained by PREPA (the "Tracking Account").
Resource Provider shall have the right, upon reasonable notice and during business hours,
to audit PREPA's records reflecting the balance in the Tracking Account and to identify
and object to any error in such calculations. if the Parties cannot agree on an adjustment to
the balance in the Tracking Account within thirty (30) Days of PRF,PA's receipt of
Resource Provider's objection, then a Party may refer such matter to dispute resolution by
either Party pursuant to Article 21(Dispute Resolution).
b.If the Tracking Account has a balance at the end of the twenty-second (22"') Agreement
Year ("Balance"), then PREPA shall have the right to withhold and retain up to fifty
percent (50%) of the amounts due in each Billing Period of the remaining Term. The Parties
shall subtract the retained amount from the Balance until the Balance equals zero (0). If
any portion of the Balance remains outstanding at the expiration of the Term under Section
2.2(Initial Term),then PREPA shall have the option to extend the Term up to an additional
two (2) Agreement Years as necessary to repay the Balance plus Interest by applying such
monthly retention as set forth above. If, at the expiration of the initial Term under Section
2.2(Initial Term),an undisputed deficit exists in the Tracking Account, then PREPA shall
pay Resource Provider an amount sufficient to compensate Resource Provider for such
deficit within thirty (30) Days after the expiration of the Term. If a Party terminates this
Agreement early pursuant to Article 15(Termination)for any reason other than PREPA's
Default, and an undisputed balance remains in the Tracking Account (the "Termination
Balance"), Resource Provider shall repay such Termination Balance plus Interest to
PREPA within thirty (30) Days of the Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Resource Provider shall have the option to prepay all or any portion of the Balance or the
anticipated Termination Balance, if applicable, at any time or from time to time.
17.3Taxes
a.Resource Provider will promptly pay and dischargeallTaxes, assessments, and
governmental charges or levies imposed upon it or in respect of all or any part of its
property or business, all trade accounts payable in accordance with usual and customary
business terms, and all Claims for work, labor or materials which, if unpaid, might become
a lien or charge upon any of its property; provided that Resource Provider shall not be
required to pay any such Taxes, assessment, charge, levy, account payable or Claim if: (i)
the validity, applicability or amount thereof remains contested in good faith by appropriate
actions or proceedings which will prevent the forfeiture or sale of any property of Resource
Provider or any material interference with the use thereof by Resource Provider, and (ii)
Resource Provider shall set aside on its books reserves deemed by it to be adequate with
respect thereto.

--- Page 75 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
b.PREPA shall pay or cause to be paid all Taxes on or with respect to (I) the purchase of
Energy Storage Services and the sale of Discharge Energy at the Interconnection Point
(including sales tax, excise tax, municipal license tax, and value-added tax), and (ii) the
purchase, use and disposition of the Ancillary Services and the Green Credits.
18.INSURANCE
18.1Resource Provider Requirements
Resource Provider shall obtain and maintain in full force and effect from the Construction Start
Dale and during the Term of this Agreement and thereafter as provided herein policies of insurance
covering all operations engaged in by this Agreement, which shall be formally agreed with an
insurance company authorized to do business in Puerto Rico, and to that effect, it shall provide in
original certificates of insurance and endorsements as follows:
a.Worker's Compensation Insurance: If at any time Resource Provider has employees,
Resource Provider shall procure and maintain Worker's Compensation Insurance as
required by the Worker's Compensation Act of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
Resource Provider shall also have responsibility for compliance with said Worker's
Compensation Act by all its subcontractors, agents, and invitees. Resource Provider shall
furnish PREPA a certificate from the State Insurance Fund, in a form reasonably acceptable
to PREPA, showing that all personnel employed in the work are covered by the Worker's
Compensation Insurance, in accordance with this Agreement. If imported technical
personnel are exempted, as per Act of May 16, 1958 No 16, Resource Provider shall furnish
evidence of such exemption and certificate from the insurance carrier covering said
personnel.
h.Commercial General Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall procure and maintain
Commercial General Liability Insurance with limits of $2,000,000 per occurrence and
$2,000,000 aggregate. Such insurance shall include specific coverage for contractual
liability, explosion, collapse and underground damages coverage "XCU," sudden and
accidental pollution, products, and completed operations liability.
c.Automobile Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall procure and maintain Automobile
Liability Insurance with limits of $1,000,000 combined single limit covering all owned, if
any, non -owned, and hired automobiles located in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
d.Excess Umbrella Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall procure and maintain Excess
Umbrella Liability Insurance with limits of $4,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate
in excess of the limits of insurance provided in paragraphs (b), (c) and (g) of this Section
18.1.
e.All Risk Physical Damage Property Insurance: Resource Provider shall procure and
maintain All Risk Physical Damage Property Insurance, including machinery coverage to
cover all real and personal property of Resource Provider (including earthquake and
hurricane occurrence) on a replacement cost basis. Resource Provider shall place this
insurance policy in effect at the later of the Commercial Operation Date and the termination
of the builder's risk insurance policy. The insurance, as required in this paragraph (e) of
this Section 18.1, shall, when applicable, cover work at the Site and shall also cover
portions of the work located away from the Site and portions of the work in transit. The
Jm

--- Page 76 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
policy shall include as insured property scaffolding, false work, and temporary buildings
located at the Site.
f.Equipment Breakdown Policy: Unless included in the All Risk Physical Damage Insurance
required in paragraph (e) of this Section 18.1, Resource Provider shall procure and maintain
an Equipment Breakdown Policy to cover all equipment and machinery of Resource
Provider. This insurance shall name PREPA as an additional insured under this policy.
g.Employer's Liability Insurance: To the extent that Resource Provider employs employees,
Resource Provider shall procure and maintain Employer's Liability Insurance with
minimum bodily injury limits of $1,000,000 for each employee and $1,000,000 for each
accident, covering against the liability imposed by Law upon Resource Provider as a result
of bodily injury, by accident or disease, including death arising out of and in the course of
employment, outside of and in the course of employment, and outside of and distinct from
any claim under the Worker's Compensation Act of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
h.Business Interruption Insurance: Resource Provider shall procure and maintain Business
Interruption Insurance, subject to a thirty (30) day waiting period, as it might be reasonable
and economically achievable, including a reasonable deductible (which the Parties shall
construe as insurance proceeds actually received by Resource Provider for the purposes of
this Agreement) with respect to the Facility to include business interruption/loss of income
for at least a six (6) Month period of indemnity based on actual loss sustained and
contingent business interruption/loss of income subject to a $10,000,000 sub -limit.
Resource Provider shall place this policy into effect on the Commercial Operation Date.
8.2Requirements for Resource Provider Policies
Resource Provider shall ensure that the provider of the Commercial General Liability Insurance,
Automobile Liability Insurance, and Business Interruption Insurance as required under Section
18.1 (Resource Provider Requirements), endorses, or provides that, such insurance to include:
a.as Additional Insured:
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
Risk Management Office
PO Box 364267
San Juan, PR 00936-4267;
b.a thirty (30) Days' cancellation or nonrenewable notice (ten (10) Days for non-payment of
premium) to be sent by certified mail to Resource Provider (with a copy to PREPA) with
return receipt to the above address sent by Resource Provider;
c.an endorsement including this Agreement under contractualliability coverage and
identifying it by number, title, date and the Parties, or confirming that the Commercial
General Liability form includes contractual coverage for this Agreement;
d.a waiver of Subrogation in favor of PREPA; and
e.the breach of any of the warranties or conditions in these policies by Resource Provider
shall not prejudice PREPA's rights under this policy, which may be provided by a standard
severability of interests/separation of insured's clause.
69
(1.

--- Page 77 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
18.3Contractor Requirements
The contractors and designers retained by Resource Provider to constnict the Facility shall obtain
and maintain in full force and effect before the Construction Start Date, policies of insurance
covering all constructions engaged in by this Agreement, which shall be formally agreed with
insurance companies authorized to do business in Puerto Rico, and to that effect Resource Provider
shall provide in the original certificate of insurance and endorsements, as follows:
a.Worker's Compensation Insurance: Resource Provider shall cause its contractors to
procure and maintain Worker's Compensation Insurance as required by the Worker's
Compensation Act of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. Resource Provider shall also
have responsibility for compliance with said Worker's Compensation Act by allits
subcontractors, agents, and invitees. Resource Provider shall furnish PREPA a certificate
regarding its contractors from the State Insurance Fund, in a form reasonably acceptable to
PREPA, showing that all personnel employed in the work are covered by the Worker's
Compensation Insurance, in accordance with this Agreement. If imported technical
personnel are exempted, as per Act of May 16, 1958, No. 16, Resource Provider shall
furnish evidence of such exemption and certificate from the insurance carrier covering said
personnel.
b.Employer's Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall cause its contractors to procure
and maintain Employer's Liability Insurance with minimum bodily injury limits of
$1,000,000 for each employee and $1,000,000 for each accident, covering against the
liability imposed by Law upon its contractors as a result of bodily injury, by accident or
disease, including death arising out of and in the course of employment and outside of and
distinct from any claim under the Worker's Compensation Act of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico.
c.Commercial Genera! Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall cause its contractors to
procure and maintain Commercial General Liability Insurance ("CGL") with limits of
$2,000,000 per occurrence and $2,000,000 aggregate. There shall be no endorsement or
modification of the CGL limiting the scope of coverage for liability arising from pollution,
explosion, collapse, or underground "XCU" property damage perils. Continuing CGL
insurance shall cover liability arising from products completed operations and liability
assumed under an insured contract for at least two (2) Years following substantial
completion of the work.
d.Automobile Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall cause its contractors to procure
and maintain Automobile Liability Insurance with limits of $1,000,000 combined single
limit covering all owned, non-owncd, and hired automobiles located in the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico.
e.Excess Umbrella Liability Insurance: Resource Provider shall cause its contractors to
procure and maintain Excess Umbrella Liability Insurance with limits of $4,000,000 per
occurrence and in the aggregate in excess of the limits of insurance provided in paragraphs
(c) and (d) of this Section 18.3.
f.Builder's Risk Insurance: Resource Provider shall procure or cause its prime contractors
to procure and maintain in force Builder's Risk Insurance for the entire work. Such
insurance shall be written in an amount equal to the total contract sum as well as subsequent
70
\

--- Page 78 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
modifications of that sum. The insurance shall apply on a replacement cost basis and
coverage shall be written on a completed value form as follows:
1.The insurance as required above shall be written to cover all risks of physical loss
except those specifically excluded in the policy, including industry standard sub -
limits and aggregate limits.
2.Resource Provider shall pay any deductible applicable to the insurance purchased
in compliance with this requirement.
3.Waiver of Subrogation.Resource Provider shall cause the builder's risk insurers
to waive all rights of subrogation against PREPA and its officers, directors, agents,
and employees for recovery for damages caused by fire and other perils to the
extent covered by builder's risk or property insurance purchased pursuant to the
requirements of this Agreement or any other property insurance applicable to the
work.
18.4Requirements for the Contractor Policies
Resource Provider shall cause its contractors to ensure that the provider of the Commercial General
Liability Insurance and Automobile Liability Insurance, as required under Section 18.3 (Contractor
Requirements), endorses, or provides that, such insurance to include:
a.as Additional Insured:
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
Risk Management Office
PO Box 364267
San Juan, PR 00926-4267;
b.a thirty (30) Days' cancellation or nonrenewable notice to be sent by certified mail with
return receipt to the above address;
c.an endorsement including this Agreement under contractual liability coverage and
identifying it by number, date, and the Parties, or confirming that the Commercial General
Liability form includes contractual coverage for this Agreement;
d.a waiver of Subrogation in favor of PREPA; and
e.the breach of any of the warranties or conditions in these policies by the relevant contractor
or designer shall not prejudice PREPA's rights under this policy, which may be provided
by a standard severability of ínterests/separation of insureds clause.
18.5Application of Proceeds
Subject to the terms and conditions of any direct agreement or other similar agreement executed by
PREPA, Resource Provider and/or a Project Lender, Resource Provider shall apply any and all
insurance proceeds received in connection with the damage or loss of the Facility toward the repair,
reconstruction, or replacement of the Facility, as permitted by Project Lenders.
71

--- Page 79 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
18.6General Provision
PREPA shall review the requirements of this Article 18 prior to the Construction Start Date to
confirm that an insurance company meeting the requirements of this Article 18 continues to make
available the foregoing policies. The Resource Provider, its contractors and subcontractors shall
cause its insurers or agents to provide not later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the Construction
Start Date, with originals or certified true and correct copies of insurance certificates for such
policies (which have entered into full force and effect), in a form of certificate approved by PREPA,
which approval PREPA shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. Any deductible applicable on
required insurance policies under this Article 18 shall be paid by the Resource Provider, its
contractors, or subcontractors. Failure of each party to obtain certificates of insurance does not
relieve the Resource Provider, contractor or subcontractor of the insurance requirements set forth
herein. Failure to obtain the insurance coverage required by this Article 18 shall in no way relieve
or limit the Resource Provider, contractor or subcontractor obligations or liabilities under this
Agreement.
19.ASSIGNMENT & TRANSFER
19.1Restriction on Assignment
Except as otherwise provided in this Article 19, neither Party shall assign or transfer this Agreement
without the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent such Party shall not
unreasonably withhold or delay. Any attempt to assign this Agreement without the prior written
consent of the corresponding Party shall be void. Any failure of a Party to respond to any request
by the other Party for consent to assignment pursuant to this Section 19.1 shall not be deemed or
construed as an acceptance or consent to such proposed assignment.
19.2PREPA's Right to Assign
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section19.1(Restriction on Assignment), the Parties
acknowledge that PREPA is undergoing a transformation process, and therefore agree that, after
the front-end transition period of a Partnership Contract, Sale Contract, or any other PREPA
Transaction (as these terms are defined in Act 120-2018), PREPA may sell, assign, convey,
transfer, pledge, mortgage, sublease, delegate, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose (each, a
"Transfer") any of its rights, title, or interest in this Agreement as permitted by Applicable Law
and at any time, without Resource Provider's consent, and without cost, expense, or incremental
liability to PREPA, to a T&D Operator, an Affiliate of PREPA or any Governmental Authority of
Puerto Rico; provided that PREPA shall notify Resource Provider no later than thirty (30) Days
before the effective date of any such Transfer. Unless otherwise agreed by PREPA, following the
Transfer, PREPA shall be released from all obligations under this Agreement to the extent such
transferee assumes such obligations in writing, provided that, for any Transfer to an Affiliate of
PREPA, PREPA shall guarantee the payment obligations of such Affiliate arising out of this
Agreement following such assignment.
19.3Resource Provider's Right to Assign
Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 19.1 (Restriction on Assignment), Resource Provider
shall have the right to assign, pledge or encumber this Agreement in its entirety or in part without
PREPA's consent to the Project Lenders as collateral security in order to obtain financing or other
funding. PREPA agrees to execute and deliver an agreement consenting to any assigiunent as
collateral security in favor of the Project Lenders containing terms and conditions that are
72

--- Page 80 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
customary for transactions of this kind. PREPA agrees to cooperate in good faith in this regard and
to provide other customary and reasonable documents and acknowledgments as the Project Lenders
may reasonably request in connection with the financing of the Facility, including estoppel
certificates and direct agreement or consent to an assignment in accordance with this Section 19.3
and substantially in the form of Appendix W (Form of Direct Agreement) and a legal opinion
addressed to the Project Lenders with respect to due authorization and capacity of PREPA to enter
into such agreement or consent, and enforceability thereof, in each case as reasonably acceptable
to PREPA, provided that Resource Provider shall reimburse PREPA for its documented out-of-
pocket costs of negotiating and providing such documents, acknowledgments, opinions,
certificates, consents, and agreements. In addition, Resource Provider shall have the right to assign
this Agreement as collateral security to any agent, trustee, or other Person (including any
corporation or partnership) representing the Project Lenders under the Financing Documents. If
Resource Provider shall assign this Agreement as collateral security pursuant to this Section 19.3,
then so long as the secured obligations, or any consolidation, modification, or extension of such
obligation shall remain outstanding, the following provisions shall apply:
a.The making of an assignment pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 19.3
shall not be deemed to constitute an assignment or transfer of this Agreement, nor shall
any assignee referred to above, as such, be deemed to be an assignee or transferee of this
Agreement so as to require such assignee, as such, to assume the performance of any of the
terms and conditions of Resource Provider to be performed hereunder; provided that the
purchaser at any sale of this Agreement in any proceeding for the foreclosure of any
assignment, or the assignee or transferee of this Agreement in any proceedings for the
foreclosure of any assignment, or the assignee or transferee of this Agreement under any
instrument of assignment or transfer in lieu of the foreclosure of any assignment, shall be
deemed to be an assignee or transferee within the meaning of this paragraph (a) of this
Section 19.3 and shall be deemed to have agreed to perform all of the terms, covenants and
conditions on the part of Resource Provider to be performed hereunder from and after the
date of such purchase and assignment.
b.Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, any sale of Resource Provider's
rights in this Agreement in any secured creditor's sale, any proceeding for the foreclosure
of any assignment, or the assignment or transfer of this Agreement in lieu of the foreclosure
of any assignment, shall be deemed to be a permitted sale, transfer or assignment of this
Agreement, and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect following any such
sale, transfer or assignment.
c.If PREPA terminates this Agreement prior to the expiration of the Term due to a Default
by Resource Provider or rejects or disaffirms this Agreement pursuant to any bankruptcy
Law or proceeding or other similar Applicable Law or proceedings affecting creditors'
rights generally with respect to a bankruptcy proceeding relating to Resource Provider or
otherwise, PREPA agrees, if outstanding obligations to a Project Lender exist, and subject
to the receipt of all necessary approvals, to enter into a new energy storage services
agreement with the Project Lender (or its designee or nominee) on substantially similar
terms to this Agreement; provided that such designee or nominee (i) qualifies as a
Substitute Provider (as defined in the form of direct agreement included at Appendix W
(Form of Direct Agreement)), (ii) has provided to PREPA (x) its audited financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP, demonstrating that such new designee or
nominee has an Unrestricted Net Worth of atleast twenty-five million dollars
($25,000,000) (or that its direct or indirect parent has an Unrestricted Net Worth of at least
seventy-five million dollars ($75,000,000)), and (y) the certifications and documentation
73

--- Page 81 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
required by Appendix B(PREPA Signing Conditions),but construing references to
Resource Provider therein as references to such new designee or nominee, and (iii) has
accepted all terms, provisions and limitations of this Agreement, effective as of the date of
such termination.
Resource Provider shall not have the right to assign its rights, title, or interest under this Agreement
to any Affiliate of Resource Provider without the prior express written consent of PREPA, unless
(i) such Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and to fully perform the
obligations of Resource Provider hereunder (including Appendix B(PREPA Signing Conditions)),
(ii) each Sponsor maintains at least the same percentage of the total equity ownership interest in
such Affiliate, whether directly or indirectly, as Equity :t owns, directly or indirectly, in Resource
Provider at the time of such assignment, and (iii) Resource Provider or a Sponsor owns, directly or
indirectly, no less than fifty-one percent (51%) of the total equity in such Affiliate. Resource
Provider shall notify PREPA of Resource Provider's intention to assign this Agreement at least
thirty (30) Days in advance of any such assignment.
I9.4Restrictions on Equity Transfers
a.Resource Provider shall ensure that each Sponsor does not assign, sell or transfer (whether
directly or indirectly) to any other Person any part of its ownership interests in Resource
Provider or renounce any preferential subscription rights for ownership interests in
connection with a capital increase (each, a "Equity Transfer") at any time prior to the
Commercial Operation Date. On or after the Commercial Operation Date, Resource
Provider shall ensure that no Sponsor effects an Equity Transfer at any time without the
prior express written consent of PREPA, which consent PRF,PA shall not unreasonably
withhold or delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Sponsor may, without PREPA's
consent:
1.create a security interest in its direct or indirect ownership interest in Resource
Provider in favor of the Project Lenders, and PREPA hereby approves any Equity
Transfer thereof resulting from the enforcement of such security interests in
accordance with the Financing Documents of the Project Lenders;
2.(i) prior to the Commercial Operation Date, effect an Equity Transfer solely in
connection with a financing transaction involving Tax Credits under Section 48 of
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, provided that such transfer does not result in the
Control of Resource Provider or the Project being transferred to a third party other
than such Sponsor (directly or indirectly) or Resource Provider, as applicable; and
(ii) at any time after the Commercial Operation Date, effect an Equity Transfer
back to Resource Provider or such Sponsor (directly or indirectly), as applicable,
pursuant to the terms of such financing transaction entered into prior to the
Commercial Operation Date involving Tax Credits under Section 48 of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code;
3.effect an Equity Transfer to: (x) for Equity Transfers prior to the Construction Start
Date, a Person that (i) has provided to PREPA (A) its audited financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP, demonstrating that such Person has an
Unrestricted Net Worth of at least twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000) (or
that its direct or indirect parent has an Unrestricted Net Worth of at least seventy-
five million dollars ($75,000,000) (a "Qualified Sponsor")), and (B) the
certifications and documentation required by Appendix B(PREPA Signing
74

--- Page 82 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
Conditions), but construing references to Resource Provider therein instead as a
reference to such Person, and (ii) does not qualify as a Restricted Person; and (y)
for Equity Transfers at any time after the sixth (6 ') Month following the
Commercial Operation Date, a Person that (1) has provided to PREPA the
certifications and documentation required by Appendix B (PREPA Signing
Conditions), but construing references to Resource Provider therein instead as a
reference to such Person, and (2) does not qualify as a Restricted Person (such
Person under clauses (x) or (y), a "Qualified Transferee"); provided that, in the
case of clauses (x) and (y), such Equity Transfer does not result in a transfer of
more than forty-nine percent (49%) of the issued and outstanding shares and voting
rights in Resource Provider to any Person other than a Sponsor or a Wholly -Owned
Affiliate of a Sponsor;
4.effect an Equity Transfer to a Wholly -Owned Affiliate of a Sponsor; or
5.effect an Equity Transfer to AES Clean Energy Development, LLC;
provided that, in the case of items (3) and (4), paragraph (a) of this Section 19.4, if such
Person does not have an Unrestricted Net Worth of at least twenty-five million dollars
($25,000,000), and the Equity Transfer would otherwise result (upon expiration of the
applicable cure period) in a Payment Guarantee Cross -Default for Resource Provider's
failure to provide and maintain a Payment Guarantee from a Permitted Guarantor, a
Permitted Guarantor shall have agreed to guarantee the payment obligations of Resource
Provider pursuant to a replacement Payment Guarantee executed and delivered to PREPA
concurrently with such Equity Transfer.
b.If Resource Provider intends to effect an Equity 'Transfer, then it shall notify PREPA of
such intention at least thirty (30) Days in advance of the intended date of such transfer.
The failure of PREPA to respond to any request by Resource Provider for consent to
transfer pursuant to this Section 19.4, shall not be deemed or construed as an acceptance
or consent to such proposed transfer. PREPA acknowledges and agrees that the identity
and existence of such third party, and the potential transfer, shall be kept confidential in
accordance with Section 12.9 (Confidentiality); and if requested by Resource Provider,
PREPA shall enter into a confidentiality agreement with respect to the same, in a form
reasonably acceptable to PREPA, provided that Resource Provider shall reimburse PREPA
for its documented out-of-pocket costs of negotiating and executing such agreement. Prior
to PREPA's consent to any Equity Transfer, Resource Provider shall cause the proposed
new owner of such equity to provide to PREPA reasonable evidence that such new owner
is a Qualified Transferee. In each case, Resource Provider shall obtain any regulatory
approvals required in respect of such transfer and ensure such transfer otherwise complies
with Applicable Law.
19.5Restrictions on Asset Transfers
a.Resource Provider shall not sell or transfer, directly or indirectly, the Facility, any portion
of the Facility or substantially all of its assets either (i) at any time prior to the Commercial
Operation Date, or (ii) for any such sale or transfer occurring on or after the Commercial
Operation Date, without PREPA's prior express written consent, which consent PREPA
shall not unreasonably withhold or delay. The foregoing prohibition shall not apply to any
such transfer that (1) forms part of a foreclosure on any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge or
other encumbrance granted to the Project Lenders under any non -recourse project financing
75

--- Page 83 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
related exclusively to such assets and such lenders or their agent have entered into a direct
agreement with PREPA in respect of the collateral assignment of this Agreement and the
Interconnection Agreement, or (2) constitutes a permitted assignment under Section 19.3
(Resource Provider's Right to Assign).
b.If Resource Provider intends to sell the Facility, or any portion of the Facility, or
substantially all of its assets, pursuant to PREPA's consent under the first sentence of
paragraph (a) of this Section 19.5, then it shall notify PREPA of its intention to sell at least
sixty (60) Days in advance of the intended date of such sale. PREPA shall not unreasonably
withhold or delay its consent to any such sale or transfer, provided that the failure of
PREPA to respond to any request by Resource Provider for consent to such a sale or
transfer shall not be deemed or construed as an acceptance or consent to such proposed sale
or transfer. Prior to PREPA's consent to any such asset transfer, Resource Provider shall
cause the proposed new owner to provide PREPA with (i) its audited financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP, demonstrating that such new owner has an
Unrestricted Net Worth of at least twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000) (or that its
direct or indirect parent is a Qualified Sponsor), and (ii) reasonable evidence that such new
owner is a Qualified Transferee. In each case, (1) Resource Provider shall obtain any
regulatory approvals required in respect of such transfer and ensure such transfer otherwise
complies with Applicable Law, and (2) if requested by PREPA, the Parties and such new
owner shall enter into an agreement under which (A) Resource Provider assigns and
transfers all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to such new owner, and (B)
such new owner expressly assumes all liabilities of Resource Provider arising under this
Agreement prior to the date of such assignment.
20.NOTICES
20.1General.
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing, other than a Dispatch Notice,
Charge Notice or a curtailment or disconnect order, which may be oral and immediately
confirmed via e-mail, and shall be deemed duly given upon receipt after being delivered by hand
or sent by e-mail with read receipt confirmation, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid or by recognized overnight courier service, addressed as follows:
IF TO RESOURCE PROVIDER:
Clean Flexible Energy LLC
350 Carlos Chardon Avenue, Suite 1034
San Juan, Puerto Rico 00784
Attention: Jesús Bolinaga
E-mail: jesus.bolinaga@nes.com
IF TO PREPA:
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
1110 Ponce de León Avenue,
Office #808
San Juan, Puerto Rico
Attention: Deputy Director of Operations Office
E-mail: mary.zapata@prepa.com
76

--- Page 84 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
with a copy to, for so long as LUMA Energy LLC and LUMA Energy ServCo LLC collectively
serve as the "Operator" under the OMA:
LUMA Energy, LLC
Juan Ruiz Velez Building, Office 04-015
1110 Ponce de León Avenue
San Juan, Puerto Rico
Attention: Brian Walshe
E-mail: brian.walshealumapr.com
20.2Change of Addressor Persons.
Either Party hereto may change, by notice as above provided, the Persons or addresses to which
such notices are sent.
21.DISPUTE RESOLUTION
21.1Scope of the Dispute Resolution Provisions
Except as otherwise expressly provided inthis Agreement, the Parties shall resolve any
dispute arising out of, relating to or in connection with this Agreement, including the existence,
interpretation, breach, termination or validity of this Agreement (a "Dispute") in accordance with
the procedures set forthinthis Article 21, which shall constitute the sole and exclusive
procedures for the resolution of each such Dispute (the "Dispute Resolution Procedure").
21.2Commencement of the Dispute Resolution Procedure
a.If a Dispute arises, then either Party may initiate the Dispute Resolution Procedure by
giving a written notice of the Dispute to the other Party (each, a "Dispute Notice").
b.The delivery of a Dispute Notice pursuant to this Section 21.2 shall toll any limitation
period imposed by either this Agreement or Applicable Law in respect of a Dispute.
21.3Negotiation
a.Upon receipt of a Dispute Notice from a Party, each Party shall nominate a member of its
respective senior management, who shall have decision -making authority on behalf of such
Party (each, a "Designated Person"), and shall cause its Designated Person to promptly
meet and negotiate in good faith with the other Designated Person and attempt to resolve
the Dispute within thirty (30) days after the date of the delivery of the Dispute Notice, or
such longer period as the Designated Persons may otherwise agree (the "Negotiation
Period").
b.If the Dispute remains unresolved at the end of the Negotiation Period, then (i) if the Parties
agree, the Parties may refer the Dispute for technical review in proceedings before an
Independent Expert in accordance with Section 21.4 (Technical Recommendation) such
Dispute (a "Technical Dispute") or (ii) either Party may refer the Dispute to arbitration
pursuant to Section 21.5 (Arbitration).
77
41

--- Page 85 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
21.4Technical Recommendation
a.If the Parties agree that a Dispute qualifies as a Technical Dispute, then the Parties shall
refer such Dispute to the Independent Expert for a recommended resolution (a "Technical
Recommendation") by providing to the Independent Expert a written notice, specifying
the matter for determination. The Parties shall conduct hearings before the Independent
Expert in San Juan, Puerto Rico, unless otherwise agreed in writing by the Parties. Within
thirty (30) Days of the engagement of the Independent Expert for a Technical Dispute (or
such longer period of time as the Parties may mutually agree in writing), the Parties shall
require that the Independent Expert conducts a hearing; provided that the Parties may agree
in writing to waive the hearing and have the Independent Expert issue the Technical
Recommendation on the basis of written submissions alone. The Parties shall require that
the Independent Expert render a written recommendation on the Technical Dispute as soon
as practicable after the close of the hearing but, in any case, no later than fifteen (15) Days
after the close of the hearing. The Parties will share equally in paying the costs of the
Independent Expert.
b.The Parties may resolve the Technical Dispute based on the Technical Recommendation
or any mutually agreed modification thereof. If the Parties cannot resolve the Technical
Dispute following the issuance of the Technical Recommendation, then either Party may
submit the matter for final determination by arbitration ín accordance with Section 21.5
(Arbitration).
21.5Arbitration
a.Either Party may initiate mandatory binding arbitration by providing written notice of a
demand thereof administered in accordance with the Regulation on Mediation and
Arbitration Procedures of the Puerto Rico Energy Commission as supplemented by the
Arbitration Rules of the International Chamber of Commerce then in effect (collectively,
the "Arbitration Rules"), before a panel of three (3) neutral arbitrators (each, an
"Arbitrator" and collectively, the "Tribunal"). To be qualified as an Arbitrator, the
Parties shall select each candidate from PREB's list of arbitrators (as supplemented by the
list of arbitrators available from the International Chamber of Commerce). Each Arbitrator
shall be impartial and independent of either Party and the other Arbitrators,and not
employed by any of the Parties in a prior matter.
b.Notwithstanding the rules and procedures that would otherwise apply to the arbitration,
and unless the Parties agree to a different arrangement, the place of the arbitration will be
in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
c.Subject to Article I1 (Liability), the Tribunal will have the authority to grant any form of
equitable or legal relief a Party might recover in a court action. Each of the Parties (the
"First Party") acknowledge and agree that (i) the other Party would suffer irreparable
damage in the event that the First Party fails to perform certain provisions of this
Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Agreement, (ii) monetary damages will not
provide a sufficient remedy for any breach of these provisions of this Agreement by the
first Party, and (iii) the other Party shall be entitled, without the requirement of posting a
bond or other security, to specific performance and injunctive or other equitable relief as a
remedy for a breach of this Agreement by the First Party.
d.Either Party may enter judgment on the award in any court having jurisdiction.
78

--- Page 86 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF.PA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
e.The Tribunal shall have discretion to allocate any portion of the costs of the arbitration
(other than each Party's individual attorneys' fees and costs related to the Party's
participation in the arbitration, which fees and costs will be borne by such Party), including
the fees of the Tribunal and any expert witnesses, against the Party that the Tribunal
determines did not prevail. Until the Tribunal renders such award, however, the Parties will
share equally in paying the costs of the arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
costs incurred by a Party in seeking judicial enforcement of any written decision of the
Tribunal shall be chargeable to, and borne exclusively by, the Party against whom such
court order is successfully obtained.
f.At the conclusion of the arbitration hearing, the Tribunal shall prepare in writing and
provide to each Party a decision setting forth factual findings, legal analysis, and the
reasons on which the Tribunal's decision is based.
22.MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
22.1Waiver & Amendment
This Agreement, including the appendices hereto, may be amended or waived only by written
agreement between the Parties. A waiver of any Default shall extend only to the particular Default
waived and shall not limit or otherwise affect any rights that either Party may have with respect to
any other or future Default. The Parties acknowledge and agree that any amendments to the
economic or technical terms of this Agreement, or the scope of the Facility, require PREB approval.
22.2Strict Performance
The failure of either Party to insist in any one or more instances upon strict performance of any
provisions of this Agreement, or to take advantage of any of its rights hereunder, shall not be
construed as a waiver of any such provisions or the relinquishment of any such right or any other
right hereunder, which shall remain in full force and effect, unless agreed in writing between the
Parties.
22.3No Third -Party Beneficiaries
The Parties intend this Agreement solely for the benefit of themselves and, solely to the extent
rights thereto are provided in this Agreement, for the benefit of the Project Lenders as third -party
beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to create any duty to, or standard of
care with reference to, or any liability to, any Person not a Party to this Agreement.
22.4Resource Provider Certification Requirement
The Parties acknowledge that Resource Provider has submitted the certification titled "Contractor
Certification Requirement" required in accordance with the Contract Review Policy of the FOMI3,
effective as of November ó, 2017 and amended on October 30, 2020, signed by Resource Provider's
Executive Director (or another official with an equivalent position or authority to issue such
certifications). The Parties have attached a signed copy of the "Contractor Certification
Requirement" as Appendix R (Form of FOMB Certification) to this Agreement.
79

--- Page 87 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
22.5No Sharing_of Benefit
No officer, employee, or agent of Resource Provider or PREPA or municipal governments shall be
entitled to any share or part of this Agreement or to any benefit that may arise therefrom that would
be in violation of any Applicable Law of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or policy of PREPA.
22.6No Association, Joint Venture, or Partnership
This Agreement shall not be interpreted or construed to create an association, joint venture, or
partnership between the Parties or to impose any partnership obligation or liability upon either
Party. Neither Party shall have any right, power, or authority to enter into any agreement or
undertaking for, or act on behalf of, or to act as, or be an agent or representative of, or to otherwise
bind, the other Party.
22.7Successors
This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Resource Provider and PREPA
and their respective successors and assigns.
22.8Complete Agreement & Conflicts
The Parties intend this Agreement as the final expression of their agreement and also as a complete
and exclusive statement of the terms of their agreement with respect to the subject matter hereof
that supersedes all prior written and oral understandings between the Parties with respect thereto.
In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the Interconnection Agreement or any
other Project documents, this Agreement shall prevail.
22.9Severability
If any provision hereof shall be held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable by the holding of an arbitral
authority convened pursuant to Article 21 (Dispute Resolution), such holding shall not invalidate
or render unenforceable any other provision hereof.
22.10Anticorruption & Antibribeiy
Resource Provider certifies as of the Closing Date that, to its actual knowledge, it does not receive
payment or benefit of any nature for services rendered regularly through an appointment to a
Governmental Authority of Puerto Rico.
22.11No Economic Interest
Resource Provider represents, warrants, and certifies as of the Closing Date, toits actual
knowledge, that no public employee has any personal or economic interest in this Agreement.
22.12Code of Ethics
Resource Provider agrees to comply with the provisions of Act of June 18, 2002, No. 84, as
amended, which establishes a Code of Ethics for the Contractors, Suppliers and Economic Incentive
Applicants of the Executive Agencies of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.
80

--- Page 88 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
22.13Independent Contractor
Resource Provider shall be considered as an independent contractor, for all material purposes under
this Agreement, and all Persons engaged or contracted by Resource Provider for the performance
of its obligations herein, shall be considered asits employees or agents or those of its
subcontractors, and not as employees or agents of PREPA.
22.14Counterparts
This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if both
Parties hereto had signed the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall
constitute one instrument.
22.15Governing Law
This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the Laws of the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico without regard to any contrary result required under applicable
conflicts of laws rules. The Parties herein agree that all Disputes arising hereunder shall be resolved
pursuant to Article 21 (Dispute Resolution).
[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE.]
81

--- Page 89 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA & Clean Flexible Energy LLC
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have agreed to execute this Agreement in San Juan, Puerto
Rico, as of the Agreement Date.
PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWERCLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
AUTHORITY
Josué ColónJesús Bolínaga
Executive DirectorPresident
82

--- Page 90 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX A
HOLIDAYS
PREPA recognizes the following holidays and observes all holidays that fall on a Sunday on the following
Business Day:
DAYCELEBRATION
January 1New Year's Day
January 6Three Kings Day/Epiphany
3rd Monday in JanuaryMartin Luther King
3`d Monday in FebruaryPresidents and Illustrious Puerto Ricans Day
March 2American Citizenship Day
March 22Emancipation Day
Friday of Holy WeekGood Friday
Sunday of Holy WeekEaster Sunday
rd Sunday in MayMothers' Day
Last Monday in MayMemorial Day
3`d Sunday in JuneFathers' Day
June 19Juneteenth National Independence Day
July 4Independence Day
July 25Puerto Rico Constitution Day
r Monday in SeptemberLabor Day
2nd Monday in OctoberColumbus Day
November 19Discovery of Puerto Rico
November 11Veterans Day
4th Thursday in NovemberThanksgiving Day
December 24Christmas Eve
December 25Christmas Day
83

--- Page 91 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX B
PREPA SIGNING CONDITIONS
1.Prior to the signing of this Agreement by PREPA, Resource Provider shall provide:
a.an original certificate of tax status and compliance from the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
for the five (5) previous years, confirming that it does not owe Taxes to the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico or is paying such Taxes by an installment plan in full compliance with its
terms;
b.an income tax return filing certificate issued by the Treasury Department of Puerto Rico,
Area of Internal Revenues assuring that Resource Provider has filed its Income Tax Return
for the last five (5) years (obtained by using the Request for Copy and/or Certification of
Income Tax Returns Form issued by the Treasury Department of Puerto Rico);
c.a certificate of debt issued by the Treasury Department of Puerto Rico, Area of Internal
Revenues;
d.a certificate issued by the Municipal Revenues Collection Center assuring that Resource
Provider does not owe any Taxes to such governmental agency;
e.a certificate issued by the Department of Labor and Human Resources of Puerto Rico,
evidencing that Resource Provider has paid to the Department of Labor and Human
Resources of Puerto Rico, if applicable, its employees' contributions, in accordance with
the Puerto Rico Employment Security Act (unemployment, temporary disability or
sickness or social security for chauffeurs) or is paying such contributions by an installment
plan in full compliance with its terms;
f.a certificate issued by the Child Support Administration (ASUME) evidencing that
Resource Provider has complied with the retention, if applicable, that an employer must
do;
ga sworn and notarized statement, as of the Agreement Date, evidencing compliance with
Article 3.3 Act 2-2018, as amended, known as the Anti -Corruption Code for a New Puerto
Rico of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, as amended, in the form set forth in Appendix
Q (Form of Sworn Statement);
h.a certification, as of the Agreement Date, that, to its actual knowledge, no public employee
has any personal or economic interest in this Agreement, under Section 22.11 (No
Economic Interest);
a certification, as of the Agreement Date, that, to its actual knowledge, it does not receive
payment or benefit of any nature for services rendered regularly through an appointment
to a Governmental Authority of Puerto Rico, under Section 22.10 (Anticorruption &
Antibribery);
if any of the previously required certifications show a debt, and Rcsourcc Provider has
requested a review or adjustment of this debt, a certification that Resource Provider has
made such request at the Agreement Date; and if PREPA denies the requested review or
adjustment and such determination is final, proof of payment of this debt to PREPA or
84

--- Page 92 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
confirmation that Resource Provider accepts that PREPA shall offset the owed amount
from the corresponding payments;
evidence of Resource Provider's ability to provide Equity at least equal to the sum of (i)
thirty percent (30%) of the forecasted costs to develop the Facility and (ii) the PREPA
Interconnection Cost by the forecasted date on which Resource Provider will first draw
down on funds for such development under the Financing Documents with the Project
Lenders;
1.documents evidencing Resource Provider's ownership and/or control of the Site for the
purposes of implementing the Project; and
m.the certification set forth in Appendix R (Form of FOMB Certification).
2.Prior to the signing of this Agreement by PREPA, the FOMB, PREB and P3A shall have approved
the execution of this Agreement.
85
4°

--- Page 93 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX C
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
PART 1 - RESOURCE PROVIDER CONDITIONS
As conditions precedent to the Closing Date, Resource Provider shall deliver the following documents to
PREPA in form and substance satisfactory to PREPA:
a.the Performance Security;
b.a certificate, signed by a duly -authorized representative of Resource Provider, in the form
set forth in Appendix Z (Form of Warranty Compliance Certificate);
c.a legal opinion prepared by Resource Provider's external counsel, confirming the warranty
made by Resource Provider in item (4), paragraph (a) of Section 12.3 (Resource Provider
Representations & Warranties);
d.the following technical documents:
1,a preliminary engineering design of the Facility, consistent with Prudent Electrical
Practices, the Interconnection Agreement, and the MTRs;
2.a proposed relay protection scheme (to include the PREPA Interconnection
Facilities and the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities); and
3.a certified PSS/E mathematical model of the specific facility, the manufacturer's
performance data and expected output curve;
e.the Payment Guarantee;
f.appointment of Service of Process Agent; and
g.certified true and correct copy, signed by a duly -authorized representative of Resource
Provider, of a wire transfer confirming that Resource Provider has remitted the Non -
Refundable Fee to the following account:
Receiving Bank Address:Banco Popular of Puerto Rico
Ponce de Leon Ave., No. 209
San Juan, PR 00918
ABA No.:021502011
Beneficiary Name:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
Account Number:203834253
Payment Details:'franche 1 RFP - Non -Refundable Fee
86

--- Page 94 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PART 2 - PREPA CONDITIONS
PREPA shall satisfy the following as conditions precedent to the Closing Date:
a.completion of the Feasibility Study, System Impact Study and Facility Study;
b.evidence of filing of this Agreement with the Puerto Rico Controller; and
c.delivery of a legal opinion prepared by íts external counsel in a form reasonably acceptable
to Resource Provider, confirming the warranty made by PREPA in paragraph (b) of Section
12.4 (PREPA Representations & Warranties).
PART 3 - OTHER CONDITIONS
As conditions precedent to the Closing Date, the following events shall have occurred or apply:
a.the FOMB shall have (i) confirmed its approval of the execution of this Agreement and (ii)
recognized that Resource Provider's costs and obligations owed to Resource Provider
arising under this Agreement are administrative expenses and entitled to priority treatment
within the meaning of section 5.3 of the Bankruptcy Code, as made applicable by section
301(a) of PROMESA;
b.the occurrence of the PPOA Closing Date;
c.the execution and delivery of the Interconnection Agreement by the Parties;
d.the absence of any Legal Challenge;
e.the issuance by PREPA of a Best Interests Determination; and
f.to the extent that the PREPA Interconnection Cost, as determined in accordance with the
Interconnection Agreement during the procurement of the construction contract for such
facilities and notified by PREPA to Resource Provider at least seventy-five (75) Days prior
to the Closing Date (the "Contracted Cost"), differs from the estimated cost of the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities presented to Resource Provider by the T&D Operator on or
around June 1, 2022 (the "Estimated Cost"), an amendment by the Parties of this
Agreement (includingallnecessary approvals) toreflect a mutually agreed and
commercially reasonable adjustment to the CPPPIF component of the Monthly Fixed
Payment that accounts for such difference (the "Cost Difference"). If the Parties fail to
agree to such an adjustment within thirty (30) Days from PREPA's notification of the
Contracted Cost to Resource Provider, then they shall treat the determination of a
commercially reasonable adjustment of the CPPPIF component of the Monthly Fixed
Payment to account for the Cost Difference as a Technical Dispute and refer the matter to
an Independent Expert for determination under Section 21.4 (Technical Recommendation).
87

--- Page 95 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement- PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX D
MILESTONE SCIIEDULE
MilestonesTime for Completion/
Occu rrence
Resource Provider Delay
Liquidated Damages
(USD Per Day of Delay)
Construction Start240 Days after Closing DateN/A
Initial Synchronization540 Days after Closing DateN/A
Commercial OperationGuaranteed Commercial
Operation Date
$58,603
iI
88

--- Page 96 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX E
RESOURCE PROVIDER PERMITS
Resource Provider shall obtain the following licenses, permits and authorizations and any other licenses,
permits and authorizations required by the Agreement.
Eedeul
ecntit J)escrlpt artÍQgtelReqit g or Reeeíved_
US -EPANPDES General Construction Permit - Storm
Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP)
Prior to Construction Start Date
Oommoulvealth
PR-PMOEnvironmental Compliance REA-DEA.
Compliance with Puerto Rico Public Policy
Law (Law 416, Article 4(BX3)). Evaluation
of the potential environmental impacts
REA received on December 29,
2021. DEA Required by October
19, 2022.
PR-DNERHabitat Categorization - Flora and Fauna
Study to determine species present on site
and identification of any critical habitat
within the site.
Received August 12, 2021
PR-PMOLand Zoning Consultation - PR-PMO's
Adjudicative Board evaluation of projects
location.
Required by December 27, 2022
PR PMO - PREPAInfrastructure Recommendation (SRI) for
PREPA's interconnection point.Required by February 16, 2023
PR-PMO - PR -ASAInfrastructure Recommendation (SRI) will be
submitted to PR -ASA for connection to water
and sewer service for the project.
Received January 24, 2022
PR-PMO - PR-HTAInfrastructure Recommendation (SRI) will be
submitted to PR-HTA for project access.Required by September 30, 2022
PR-PMO- PR -CIArchaeological Recommendation (SRA)-
Authorization from the PR -CI for project
construction. Identification of properties with
historical and architectural value, if any, and
definition of protection measures.
Identification of potential archaeological sites
and mitigation measures
Required by September 4, 2022.
PR-PMOAgricultural endorsementReceived October 14, 2021
PR PMOPhase 1- Construction Permit (PCU) -
Authorization for project mobilization and
earth movement.
Required by March 2, 2023
PR-PMO - PR-DNERhicidental Single Permit - Permit includes
Tree Inventory and Mitigation Plan, Earth
Work Incidental Permit and General
Consolidated Permit to establish erosion and
sedimentation control measures.
Required by May 4, 2023
PR-PMOPhase 2 -Construction Permit (PCO) for
Interconnection LineRequired by August 31, 2023
PR -AMO - PREPAPREPA design approval for Photovoltaic
Construction PermitRequired by July 13, 2023
PR-PMOConstruction Permit (PCO) - Authorization
for project's construction phase.Required by August 31, 2023
89

--- Page 97 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PR-PMOUse Permit - Authorization for the project's
operational phase.Required by February 20, 2025
PR HTAInfrastructure Recommendation will be
submitted to PR-HTA for project access.Required by July 13, 2023
PR -ASAIf needed, an Infrastructure
Recommendation (SRI) will be submitted to
PR -ASA for connection to water and sewer
service for the project.
Received January 24, 2022
Agriculture DepartmentAgricultural EndorsementReceived October 14, 2021
PR-PMOPhase 3 - Construction Permit (PCO) for
Photovoltaic Power PlantRequired by August 31, 2023
PREB Renewable Energy
Systems Installation
Certification
Required after installation of a renewable
energy system.
Prior to Commercial Operation
Date
PREB Certification as an
electric service company
Required for the sale of energy generated by
distributed generators
interconnected with the PREPA grid with an
aggregate capacity of more than 1 MW.
Prior to Commercial Operation
Date
PR-PMO Single Permit
(comprises use, fire safety,
health standards and others,
if applicable)
Required for the use or occupation of
buildings and properties.
Prior to Commercial Operation
Date
Other Applicable Governmental Authorities
Municipality EndorsementMunicipality's Endorsement for proposcd
action.
Guayama Municipality
Endorsement received March 7,
2022. Salinas Municipality
required by December 26,2022,
Note: All the licenses, permits, and authorizations and any other licenses, permits, and authorizations required for the
Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities will begin after the Effective Date.
Legend:
NOAA=National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
NPDES=National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System
PR-PMO=Puerto Rico Permits Management Office
PR DNER=Puerto Rico Department of Environmental and Natural Resources
PR-l-ITA=Puedo Rico Highway and Transportation Authority
PR -CI-Puerto Rico Culture Institute
PR ASA=Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer Authority
US -EPA=United States Environmental Protection Agency
US-FEMA=United States Federal Emergency Management Agency
US-FWC=United States Fish and Wildlife Service
90
11

--- Page 98 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX F
COMPENSATION
1.Monthly Payment
For each Billing Period, PREPA shall pay to Resource Provider a payment for Energy Storage
Services provided to PREPA, in arrears (the "Monthly Payment"). The Parties shall calculate the
Monthly Payment for Billing Period "n" as follows:
where:
MP.=
MFP. =
MP = MFP - ADJ
Monthly Payment for Billing Period "n", expressed in dollars;
Monthly Fixed Payment for Billing Period "n", as determined in accordance with
Section 2 (Monthly Fixed Payment) of this Appendix F;
ADJ. =other credits or amounts to which PREPA has a right under this Agreement; and
n such Billing Period.
Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that the Monthly Payment, and through it the
Capability Payment Price, represents the all -in payment for the Energy Storage Services, including
all Ancillary Services whatsoever, as well as all Green Credits and costs to Resource Provider of
complying with this Agreement.
2.Monthly Fixed Payment
For each Billing Period "n", the Parties shall calculate the monthly fixed payment for such Billing
Period (the "Monthly Fixed Payment" or "MFP.") as follows:
MFP. = CPP x MCC x FAA. x PRA.
where:
CPP=the Capability Payment Price for such Billing Period, which the Parties shall
calculate as follows:
CPP = CPPF + CPPPIF
where:
CPPF=an amount to compensate Resource Provider for the cost of
the Project, other than the cost of the PREPA Interconnection
Facilities Work, and subject to any adjustment in accordance
with Section 9.6 (Improvement in PREPA 'sFinancial
91

--- Page 99 ---
I

--- Page 100 ---
a

--- Page 101 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
TR=the Tested Result, i.e., the MCC as adjusted pursuant to the most recent
Performance Testinaccordance with Section6.9 (Supply Period
Performance Tests); and
y=Agreement Year.
c.The Monthly Contract Capability will be adjusted based on the results of Performance
Tests as follows:
1.The adjustment to the Monthly Contract Capability will take effect on the first Day
of the Billing Period following the Billing Period in which the Performance Test
occurred and will continue in effect until either (A) another Performance Test is
completed, or (B) an annual adjustment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section 3
of this Appendix F is made.
2.If the Tested Duration Energy of the Facility falls below ninety-nine percent (99%)
of the Degraded Duration Energy, the Monthly Contract Capability will equal the
Tested Duration Energy divided by the Design Dom' Duration.
3.If the Tested Duration Energy of the Facility equals or exceeds ninety-nine percent
(99%) of the Degraded Duration Energy, the Monthly Contract Capability will
equal the Degraded Duration Energy divided by the Design Dm°' Duration.
4.Facility Availability
a.Facility Availability Adjustment
The Facility Availability Adjustment will be applied in calculating the Monthly Payment
in accordance with Section I (Monthly Payment) of this Appendix F. Paragraph (b) of this
Section 4 of this Appendix F contains the formula to calculate Facility Availability. For
each Billing Period the Facility Availability Adjustment is:
FA (%)FAA
Greater than or equal to ninety-eight
percent (98%)One hundred percent (100%)
Less than ninety-eight percent (98%) but
greater than seventy percent (70%)
One hundred percent (100%) - [(ninety -
eight percent (98%) - FA)] x two (2)
Less than seventy percent (70%)
(i)If the FA (%) falls below seventy
percent (70%) due to "Force Majeure" (as
defined in the PPOA) affecting Resource
Provider under the PPOA during the ITC
Period, one hundred percent (100%) -
[(ninety-eight percent (98%) - FA)] x two
(2)
(ii)If the FA (%) falls below seventy
percent (700/0) for any other reason, zero
percent (0%)
94

--- Page 102 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
b.Calculation of Facility Availability
1.Resource Provider shall calculate the availability of the Facility in a Billing Period
"n" using the formula set forth below (the "Facility Availability"):
FA
(BPHRS - (POHRS + UNAVHRS + UNAVPRODHRS)l
BPHRS - POHRS/
where:
FA=Facility Availability for Billing Period "n";
BPHRStotal number of hours for Billing Period "n";
POHRS=total number of Permitted Outage Flours where the Facility
was unavailable to deliver Adjusted Duration Energy or
unable to accept Charge Energy in the Billing Period,
provided that the number of POHRS in a Billing Period due
to Scheduled Outages and Scheduled Deratings may not
exceed the maximum number of hours per Year permitted
for such events pursuant to paragraph (a) of Section 6.3
(Scheduled Maintenance);
A Scheduled Outage or Force Majeure (declared by
Resource Provider) that occurs for less than a full hour, or
any Scheduled Derating willcount as an equivalent
percentage of the applicable hour(s) for this calculation. For
example, if Resource Provider Notifies PREPA of a change
in the Facility's Dm"" that results in a reduction in Adjusted
Duration Energy by ten percent (10%) for twenty (20)
hours due to a Scheduled Derating, then the Facility would
be deemed unavailable for two (2) full hours;
UNAVHRS=total number of hours in which:
1.theFacility was unavailable todeliver Adjusted
Duration Energy or unable to accept Charge Energy
during the Billing Period due to (A) a Non -Scheduled
Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating; (B) an extension
of a Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating from its
original schedule that was not notified to and approved
by PREPA in accordance with Section 6.3 (Scheduled
Maintenance); or (C) Resource Provider declaring the
Facility unavailable, in whole or in part, for any hour
or part of an hour, for any reason other than an event
that counts toward POHRS, provided that (i) an event
described in (A) through (C) above that involves allon-
Scheduled Derating of the Facility shallresultin
unavailability of the Facility only to the extent that the
Facility is unavailable to deliver Adjusted Duration
Energy or unable toaccept Charge Energy, as
95

--- Page 103 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
applicable, as a result of such event, with such Facility
unavailability determined based on the difference
between the standard of performance for the Facility
required in accordance with the Agreement and the
actual performance of the Facility during such event; or
2.without double counting anyperiodof Facility
unavailability pursuant to item (1) above, a PPOA
Outage occurs for any reason during the ITC Period
other than as a result of a PPOA Excused Event,
provided that if an event described in item (1) or (2) above
occurs for less than a full hour, the unavailability will count
as an equivalent percentage of the applicable hour;
UNAVPRODHRS=total number of hours in which the Facility (A) was unable
to provide Product other than Energy due to an event that
inhibits the Facility's ability to provide such other Products
but not its ability to deliver Energy; (B) inability of
Resource Provider to maintain certification of any such
other Product; or (C) Resource Provider declaring the
Facility unable to provide such other Product, in whole or
in part, for any hour or part of an hour, for any reason other
than an event that counts toward POHRS, provided that (i)
an event described in (A) through (C) above that continues
for less than a full hour will count as an equivalent
percentage of the applicable hour for this calculation, and
(ii) any hour or partial hour considered unavailable for the
purposes of UNAVHRS will not also be considered
UNA VPRODHRS,,; and
n relevant Billing Period "n in which Facility Availability is
calculated.
2.If the Facility or any component thereof was previously deemed unavailable for an
hour or part of an hour of any Day of the Supply Period, and Resource Provider
provides a revised notice indicating the Facility is available for that hour or part of
an hour by 5:00 a.rn. of the morning PREPA schedules the Dispatch Notice or
Charge Notice for such Day, the Facility will be deemed available to the extent set
forth in the revised notice.
5.PREPA Risk Adjustment
The Parties shall calculate the PREPA Risk Adjustment("PRA")for Billing Period "n" as follows:
PRA,
where:
¡BPHRSn - (GSEHRS + PFMHRSo + IPHRS)1
BPHRS
PRA=PREPA Risk Adjustment for the Billing Period;
96

--- Page 104 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
BPHRS=total number of hours for the Billing Period;
GSEHRS =the duration (in hours) of any Grid System Event (other than a Force Majeure
affecting PREPA) occurring in the Billing Period, provided that the number of
GSEHRS in the Billing Period when added to the number of GSEHRS in the
preceding Billing Periods for the Year, shall not exceed the Grid System Waiting
Period, and any such excess GSEHRS shall not be included in the calculation of
GSEHRS;
PFMHRS =duration (in hours) of any Force Majeure affecting PREPA occurring in the Billing
Period, provided that the number of PFMHRS in the Billing Period when added to
the number of PFMI-IRS in the preceding Billing Periods for the Year, shall not
exceed the Force Majeure Waiting Period, and any such excess PFMHRS shall not
be included in the calculation of PFMHRS; and
11'1fRSduration (in hours) of any event during the Billing Period in respect of which
Resource Provider may recover insurance proceeds from any insurance policy that
Resource Provider obtains (or would have obtained had it complied with this
Agreement) in respect of PREPA Risk Events, including business interruption
insurance in accordance with paragraph (h) of Section 18.1 (Resource Provider
Requirements).
Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that the Monthly Fixed Payment shall not apply in
respect of an hour Billing Period in respect of which Resource Provider may recover insurance
proceeds from any insurance policy that Resource Provider obtains (or would recover or have
obtained had it complied with this Agreement) in respect of PREPA Risk Events, including
business interruption insurance in accordance with paragraph (h) of Section 18.1 (Resource
Provider Requirements).
97

--- Page 105 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement- PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
sEquoa rov
APPENDIX G
FACILITY SITE
98
4-
GOOGLE EARTIm VIEW
mrlwi Kuhl
,wuuws Ma

--- Page 106 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX H
INTERCONNECTION DESCRIPTION AND SPECIFICATIONS
1.Description of the Interconnection Facilities
The electrical interconnection single line attached as Appendix II -1 (Electrical Interconnection
Single Line) identifies the Interconnection Point, Charge Point(s), PREPA Interconnection
Facilities, the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities, and metering locations.
2.Interconnection Point Specifications
Resource Provider shall perform and comply with the following interconnection specifications for
the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities. These specifications and standards do not
constitute an all-inclusive scope of work. The Parties will require a Facility Study and a System
Impact Study to detennine the design as described in Article 3 (Pre -Operation Period).
a.Codes and Standards Requirements:
All designs should be in accordance with the latest PREPA Design Criteria Documents,
applicable ANSI/IEEE and NESC standards, and building codes. This includes:
1.thefollowing designcriteria documents(the "PREPA DesignCriteria
Documents" or "DCDs"):
i.PREPA Civil Design Criteria;
ii.PREPA Protection and Control Design Criteria;
iii.PREPA Substation Design Criteria;
iv.PREPA Transmission Design Criteria;
v.PREPA Distribution Design Criteria;
vi.PREPA Drawings and Specifications Design Criteria; and
vii.PREPA Telecommunication Design Criteria;
2.NECA/BICSI 607, Standard for Telecommunications Bonding and Grounding
Planning and Installation Methods for Commercial Buildings;
3.American Concrete Institute (ACI) Design Codes and Construction Specifications;
4.American Institute of Steel Construction (AISC);
5,American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air -Conditioning Engineers
(ASHRA E);
6,American Welding Society (AWS);
7.American Wood Protection Association (AWPA);
99

--- Page 107 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
8.Association of Edison Illuminating Companies (AEIC);
9.Building Industry Consulting Services International (BICSI);
10.Code of Federal Regulations (CFR);
11.Construction Specifications Institute (CSI);
12.Electric Power Research Institute (EPRI);
13.Federal Aviation Administration (FAA);
14.Federal Communications Commission (FCC);
15.Illuminating Engineering Society (IES);
16.Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE);
17.Insulated Cable Engineers Association (ICEA);
18.International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC);
19.ITSIMM 6th Edition-Information Transport Systems Installation Methods
Manual;
20.National Electrical Code (NEC);
21.National Electrical Manufacturers Association (NEMA);
22.National Electrical Safety Code (NESC);
23.National Fire Protection Association (NFPA);
24.NECA/BICSI568,StandardforInstallingCommercialBuilding
Telecommunications Cabling;
25.North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC);
26.OSPDRM 5th Edition - Outside Plant Design Reference Manual;
27.Puerto Rico Building Code 2018;
28.Regulations per the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico;
29.Rural Utilities Service (RUS), United States Department of Agriculture;
30.RUS 1724E-300, U.S. Dept. of Agriculture Design Guide for Rural Substations;
31.TDMM 14th Edition - Telecommunications Distribution Methods Manual;
32.Telecommunications Industry Association (TIA);
100

--- Page 108 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
33.ANSI/TIA568.0-D,Generic'TelecommunicationsCablingforCustomer
Premises;
34.ANSI/TIA 569-E, Telecommunications Pathways and Spaces;
35.ANSI/TIA606-C,AdministrationStandardforTelecommunications
Infrastructure;
36.ANSI/TIA 607-D, Generic Telecommunications Bonding and Grounding
(Earthing) for Customer Premises;
37.ANSI/TIA-1005-A, Telecommunications Infrastructure Standard for Industrial
Premises; and
38.ANSI/TIA-758-B,Customer -OwnedOutsidePlantTelecommunications
Infrastructure Standard.
b.Transmission Line Requirements:
1.Resource Provider shall perform the following tasks:
i.all ROW/Easement acquisition, including any studies, environmental
permitting, real estate acquisitions, etc. required as per the Agreement;
ii.geotechnicalsoilborings, groundingtests,and studiesalongthe
transmission corridor and right of way;
iii.all applicable transmission designs and calculations typically found in
typical transmission line design;
iv.stringing charts, engineered steel drawings, calculations, and PLS-CADD
models of the transmission structures, including the applicable conductor
size and OPGW (with 48 Fibers);
v.ampacity, shielding, and conductor sizing calculations for the transmission
structure for the Interconnection Facilities;
vi.design and construction of foundations for transmission structures for the
Interconnection Facilities;
vii.alltransmission anddistributionlinedesignrequiredforproject
completion; and
viii.evaluation of existing transmission and distribution poles that may be
modified due to new conductors or equipment additions.
2.PREPA shall review and provide comments on all Resource Provider's drawings,
submittals and design inputs for Resource Provider's transmission line design.
("Q-3-\
101

--- Page 109 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
c.Telecommunication Requirements (in addition to the requirements as identifiedin
paragraph (a) of Section 2 (Interconnection Point Specifications) of this Appendix I):
1.Resource Provider shall perform the following tasks:
i.install, wire, and program the SCADA Remote Terminal Units (RTUs) at
the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities and the Site;
ii.install and wire the telecommunication equipment for the Resource
Provider Interconnection Facilities;
iii.programming the communication settings for the relays, meters, and all
miscellaneous equipment connected to the RTU;
iv.installation of conduits for control cables from the equipment to the control
house;
v.installation of telecommunications pathways at the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities, including conduits, cable trays, racks, among
others;
vi.provide and install telecommunications equipment power systems, with
telecommunications equipment labeling and color -coding to comply with
ANSI/TIA 606 Standard;
vii.program the DSM with the signal list provided by PREPA;
viii.designof thecontrolhouselayoutattheResourceProvider
Interconnection Facilities and collector Site includes location, civil design,
internal layout, electrical design for lightning, convenience outlets, battery
bank, and I25Vac supply panels, disconnects, and other associated
materialsandlocalizationareasforSCADA,DSM,and
telecommunications equipment;
ix.programming the telecommunications equipment (routers, firewalls, and
network equipment); and
x.install the fiber optic connections, including 48 -fiber OPGW, pathways,
and terminationsfortheprotectionrelaystoallow the PREPA
Interconnection Facilities to be fully operational.
2.PREPA shall perform the following tasks:
i.review and comment on all submittals and design input for all design
phases for the telecommunications packages; and
ii.support the integration of the new equipment into the overall PREPA
network.
102

--- Page 110 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
d.Commissioning and Testing Requirements:
I. Resource Provider shall perform the following tasks:
all Outages and construction work sequence plans will be coordinated with
and approved by PREPA;
ii.provide any revisions to the Testing Protocol and plans for PREPA's
approval prior to perfonning any acceptance test and energization of any
equipment;
iii.perform the acceptance and commissioning tests on the equipment and
auxiliaries according to PREPA's practices and Applicable Standards at
Resource Provider's collector site only, including voltage signals, current
signals, relay outputs, breaker status, and cable continuity;
iv.perform grounding tests at all sites, including the transmission corridor;
v.perform testing on the interconnection of the transmission line;
vi.perform impedance testing to validate the proper installation of all
transmission and high voltage conductors and bus;
vii.perform tests for the wiring of protection and control systems, RTU, DSM,
Transient Recorder, and others associated services for the Resource
Provider Interconnection Facilities;
viii.perform adjustments and operation tests for the protection and control
systems;
ix.submit all test reports signed and sealed by a PR licensed electrical
engineer for PREPA's review;
x.performpreliminarytestingoftheprotection,controland
telecommunication system and the integration into Resource Provider's
SCADA system. Depending on the type of alarm or signal into Resource
Provider's SCADA system, PREPA personnel may act as a witness to
validate the input. PREPA will perform final validation and acceptance of
the SCADA integration;
xi.perform operation tests for the telecommunication systems;
xii.perform operation tests for the DSM;
xiii.perform operation tests on the equipment and auxiliaries;
xiv.perform operation tests for the transient recorder;
xv.verification of the OTDR tests for fiber optic cable performed by Resource
Provider for the following cables:
A.fiber cable between the Interconnection Point and the Facility;
103

--- Page 111 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
B.fiber cable for interconnection to PREPA's network; and
C.verification of telecommunicationsfacilitiesand equipment
installations performed by Resource Provider at the Resource
Provider Interconnection Facilities;
This work includes verification, testing, configuration, and inspection of
equipment specified by PREPA and materials, cable installation, and
testing by Resource Provider,
xvi.provide a PREPA's site representative and the required technical resources
from PREPA to comply with the Milestone Schedule;
xvii.witness all tests and commissioning of the electrical equipment installed
at the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities and the Site;
xviii.submit all test protocols for PREPA approval; and
xix.submit all test results in a test book for PREPA approval.
2.PREPA shall perform the following tasks:
i.evaluate the testresults and settings of the protection relaysfor
Intercºnnection Facilities;
ii.evaluate the test results and settings of the communication equipment at
the Interconnection Facilities;
iii.witness all tests and commissioning of the electrical equipment installed
in PREPA Interconnection Facilities;
iv.at existing PREPA sites where protection and control components are
being updated, modified, or interconnected with, the tests should be done
exclusively by PREPA;
v.perform final SCADA tests by PREPA acceptance test personnel from the
point where Resource Provider consolidates SCADA data and transmits it
to the PREPA SCADA system;
vi.perform the acceptance and commissioning tests on the equipment and
auxiliaries according to PREPA's practices and Applicable Standards at
the Interconnection Facility and remote ends; and
vii.perform end to end testing of alltrips and controls by PREPA's
Acceptance Tests Department personnel.
104
(1,

--- Page 112 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
3.Other Requirements for Interconnection
Resource Provider shall:
a.dispose of all garbage generated because of the work, in accordance with Applicable Law;
b.comply with all environmental Laws, during and after construction, including:
1.submission of the Project Environmental Assessment to and receipt of approval
from the Department of Natural and Environmental Resources of Puerto Rico and
any other environmental, state and municipality Permits for the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities;
2.all the terms and conditions established in the approvals of the submitted plans,
Permits, and endorsement from Governmental Authorities; and
3.upon the completion of the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities, the
closing of any of the acquired Permits that require closure; and
c.mitigate any environmental concerns and deficiencies found by PREPA's personnel or any
regulatory agencies caused by them at any time.
105

--- Page 113 ---
-

--- Page 114 ---


--- Page 115 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX I
PROGRESS REVIEW
1.Scope
The Consulting Technical Expert shall make comments and recommendations to Resource
Provider in respect of:
a.any aspect of the design (including surveys and drawings) of the Facility;
b.any works performed pursuant to the Facility Construction Contract or other contracts
related to the design or engineering of the Facility; and
c.the operation of the Facility.
2.Reviews and Inspections
a.For the design of the Facility, or any other required report, Resource Provider shall submit
an electronic copy of such document requested by the Consulting Technical Expert.
Resource Provider shall deliver all electronic copies requested for review by email to the
address specified in such request in a readily accessible format agreed with the Consulting
Technical Expert. The Consulting Technical Expert may provide comments on selected
documents and shall designate comments in accordance with Section 3 (Designations and
Subsequent Actions) of this Appendix I.
b.For works under paragraph (b) of Section 1 (Scope) of this Appendix I, Resource Provider
shall take all reasonable measures to allow the Consulting Technical Expert to undertake
inspections as required. The Consulting Technical Expert shall submit a report to Resource
Provider within forty-eight (48) hours after completion of an inspection activity. This
report shall contain comments designated in accordance with Section 3 (Designations and
Subsequent Actions) of this Appendix I.
c.For the operation of the Facility, Resource Provider shall take all reasonable measures to
allow the Consulting Technical Expert to undertake inspections as required. The
Consulting Technical Expert shall submit a report within twenty-one (21) Days after
completion of an inspection. This report shall contain comments designated in accordance
with Section 3 (Designations and Subsequent Actions) of this Appendix I.
3.Designations and Subsequent Actions
The designations of the relevant documents shall fall into one of the following categories:
a."Reviewed/Inspected and accepted", meaning that the document, particular works or
operation of the relevant component conform to the requirements of this Agreement. Such
designation shallnotrelieve Resource Provider from any of itsobligationsor
responsibilities under this Agreement or bind PREPA in respect of such document,
particular works, or operation of the relevant project component. If Consulting Technical
Expert makes any comments under this designation, such comments shall take the form of
suggestions for alternative design, construction, or operational procedures which may
result in reduced cost, enhanced construction progress, or contribute to ease of operation.
108

--- Page 116 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Resource Provider shall have no obligation to adopt or respond to any such comments made
under this designation.
b."Reviewed/Inspected with comments", meaning the comments constitute a form of requests
for further details or clarifications on the basis that the relevant document, works, or
operation of the relevant component does not appear to conform with the requirements of
this Agreement. Such identified issues shall be deemed to have been considered non-
compliant by PREPA's Consulting Technical Expert on that basis until such time as
Resource Provider provides the required details and clarifications in a sufficiently
satisfactory manner for the Consulting Technical Expert to reach a final decision.
Following receipt and review of the requested details and clarifications, the Consulting
Technical Expert shall then designate such matter as either "Reviewed/Inspected and
accepted" or "Reviewed/Inspected and rejected as non -compliant" as may be appropriate.
c."Reviewed/Inspected and rejected as non -compliant", meaning the comments constitute
the rejection by the Consulting Technical Expert of the documents, works, or operation of
the relevant component of the Facility or Interconnection Facilities on the basis that it does
not comply with this Agreement, in which event the Consulting Technical Expert shall
provide a statement setting out in adequate detail the reasons for such designation.
109

--- Page 117 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX J
OPERATING CHARACTERISTICS
I,FACILITY DESCRIPTION
Facility name: Salinas BESS
Site name: Salinas
Facility physical address: PR -706 Km 23, Barrio Aguirre, Salinas, Puerto Rico
Total number of modules at the Facility: 100 MW
Project elevation: 49.21 (feet above sea level)
Project latitude: 17.9731278° (decimal form)
Project longitude: -66.20660° (decimal form)
II.UNIT(S) DESCRIPTION
Units: 648
Unit name: Fluence GridstackTM platform
Battery Technology type: Lithium -ion (LiFePO4)
Specific module description: 1296 battery rack with 8 modules per rack of 10,85 kW Usable Power per
module, 43,4 kWh Usable Energy per module
EPC CAB -1000-4 Inverter: 6.0 MVA
Battery Power / Energy at Metering Location: 103,380 kW / 421,260 kWh
Interconnection Point for the Facility will have characteristics as follows:
Distribution area: Salinas
Existing zone: Salinas
Load zone: Aguirre
Substation: Aguirre S/E
Other Charge Point(s) for the Facility will have characteristics as follows:
Distribution arca: Salinas
Existing zone: Salinas
110

--- Page 118 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF,PA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Load zone: Aguirre
Substation: Aguirre S/E
HI.OPERATIONAL CHARACTERISTICS
Discharging and Charging
One hundred percent (100%) State of Charge (SOC) is defined as the highest state of charge to which the
Facility can he consistently charged without damage beyond expected degradation from normal use. Zero
percent (0%) SOC means the lowest state of charge to which the Facility can be consistently discharged
without damage beyond expected degradation from normal use. If Resource Provider normally specifies
highest and lowest SOC values differently, Resource Provider should normalize minimum and maximum
SOC to zero percent (0%) SOC and one hundred percent (100%) SOC, respectively. Resource Provider
should also normalize reporting of energy stored such that the amount of energy stored at zero percent
(0%) SOC is 0 MWh and that the energy stored at one hundred percent (100%) SOC is fully available for
discharge. Resource Provider will provide details on how the State of Charge is measured and physically
indicated. For each characteristic, list the value that the facility will be designed to have at the Commercial
Operation Date.
Design Dmax: 100 MW
Design Wm': 0 MW
Design Discharge Duration: 4 (hours)
Design Dmax Duration: 4 (hours)
Design Storage Energy: 400 MWh
Design Duration Energy: 400 MWh
Design Cma`: 100 MW
Design Cmw: 0 MW
Design Charge Duration: 4.82 (hours)
Design C' Duration: 4.82 (hours)
Design Charge Energy: 482 MWh
111

--- Page 119 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
100
80
60
40
t 20
? óo
3 -20
-+-
1:1-
en
Cu
-60
u
-80
-100
-120
450
400
350
300
250
200
150
100
50
0
50
Indicative Power Profile for One Fully Duty Cycle
Hour
012345 6789 10 11 12 1314 15 16 17 1819 20 21 22 23
-1
I
II¡I¡'ll'I
 Í
I 1
I I
I
Indicative Energy Profile for One Fully Duty Cycle
Hour
0123 45678 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
System Efficiency
Guaranteed Efficiency: 97%
FullDuty Cycle Efficiency: 85.30%
112

--- Page 120 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Stand-by Self Discharge: 0.11% per day (excludes cooling loads which are highly variable due to ambient
conditions)
Stand-by Power Consumption: 300 kW (Chiller off) / 515 kM (Chiller on)
Ramp Rates
DI" to D": 6,000 MW/min
Cm" to Cm": 6,000 MW/min
Dm" to Dmi": 6,000 MW/min
Cm" to C'"'": 6,000 MW/min
System Response Time
System Response Time of 1000 ms in Grid Following Mode is defined from the time the external party has
written dispatch to the RTAC until the inverter output stabilizes at the point of interconnection.
Idle to Dm": 1 second
Idle to Cm": 1 second
D'"x to Cm": 1 second
Cm"x to Dm": 1 second
D"to C": 1 second
Cm' to D"'": 1 second
Discharge Start -Up time (from notification to D"""): 1 second
Charge Start -Up time (from notification to C'"'").1 second
Starts and other Run Time Limitations
Start limitations: None
Run hour limitations: Max two Equivalent Cycles per day
The Minimum Run Time after a Discharge start isI second for each independent Unit
The Minimum Run Time after a Discharge start is 1 second for all Units operating simultaneously
The Minimum Run Time after a Charge start is 1 second
113
43,

--- Page 121 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
The Minimum Run Time after a Charge start is 1 second for all Units operating simultaneously
The Minimum Down Time after a shutdown is I second of an individual Unit
The Minimum Down Time after a shutdown is 1 second of all Units operating simultaneously
Ancillary Services
Spinning Reserves: 100 MWs;
Non -Spinning Reserves: 100 MWs;
Regulation up: 100 MWs;
Regulation down: 100 MWs;
Range: +/- 100 MW
Range: +1- 100 MW
Range: 4/- 100 MW
Range: +1- 100 MW
Black start capability (if applicable):The BESS inverters are capable of supporting grid forming
applications such as Black Start for certain loads. Supplier to evaluate loads when they are identified by
PREPA to determine whether BESS inverters can comply with requirement.
Other Restrictions:
No other restrictions.
Equivalent Cycle Limitations:
An Equivalent Cycle is one or more cycles, for which the cumulative discharge energy is equal to the total
Usable Capacity for a given reference year, accounting for battery degradation. A combination of Partial
Cycles totaling the Usable Capacity MWh discharge is also an Equivalent Cycle.
Set out in the table below is the available power and usable Energy capacity for the Facility in each
Agreement Year (in MW and MWh) ("Usable Energy Capacity"):
Agreement YearAvailable Power (My)Usable Energy Capac(MWh)
0 100 400
1 100 400
2 100 400
3 100 400
4 100 400
5 l00 400
6 100 400
7 100 400
8 100 400
9 100 400
10 100 400
11 100 400
12 100 400
13 100 400
114

--- Page 122 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
14 100
15 100
16 100
17 100
18 100
19
20
100
100
21
22
100
100
23100
24100
25100
400
400
400
400
400
400
400
400
400
400
400
400
The Parties shall count one (1) cycle of the Facility each time the cumulative amount of Discharge Energy
(as measured at the Interconnection Point) equals the Usable Energy Capacity for the applicable Agreement
Year (an "Equivalent Cycle").
Resource Provider shall make the Facility available for 365 Equivalent Cycles in each Agreement Year.
For the avoidance of doubt, subject to the daily run hour limitation set forth above, PREPA may dispatch
the Facility for more than one (1) Equivalent Cycle per Day, provided that the aggregate number of
Equivalent Cycles in an Agreement Year does not exceed 365.
Degradation:
Annual D' Degradation Rate: 0% per Agreement Year
Annual C'"u Degradation Rate: 0% per Agreement Year
Annual Storage Degradation Rate: 0% per Agreement Year
Annual Duration Energy Degradation Rate: 0% per Agreement Year
115

--- Page 123 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX K
MINIMUM TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS
Capitalized terms used throughout this Appendix K have the meaning set forth in the Agreement, unless
otherwise defined herein.
Resource Provider shall comply with the following MTRs:
1.Frequency Control and Regulation
a.Fast active power (P) source capable of continuously injecting or absorbing energy from
the grid as a function of system frequency deviations to help manage and maintain
frequency at 60 Hz.
b.Instantaneous and immediate active power (P) response of battery energy storage system
("BESS") proportional to frequency deviations from scheduled frequency.
c.The rate of active power (P) response of BESS to frequency deviations shall be established
based on configurable PREPA selected droop characteristic (i.e. 5% droop characteristic
or more responsive as PREPA requires SCADA). PREPA shall be able to program and
configure the droop via SCADA from 1% to 5% in steps of 0.5% (i.e. 3.0%, 3.5%, 4.0%,
4.5%, 5%).
d.Frequency regulation deadband shall be available. PREPA shall be able to configure and
program the deadband via SCADA. The configurable deadband range shall be at least from
0.02% to 0.5%.
e.BESS frequency control and regulation mode time response (full frequency response) shall
be less than 1.0 second.
f.PREPA shall be able to configure and select frequency regulation range (upper
injection/lower absorption limits) via SCADA up to a maximum of its nominal capacity
(Le. +/-15 MW, +/- 20 MW). Asymmetrical frequency regulation ranges should be allowed
(i.e. +15 MW/ -5 MW, +10 MW/ -20 MW).
g -Capability to operate in the frequency control and regulation mode and simultaneously
control the voltage by the injection or absorption of up to the required nominal reactive
power at the Interconnection Point: (i) the frequency regulation control shall operate
decoupled from the voltage regulation control mode and shall not limit the required reactive
power capability of the Facility at the Interconnection Point, and (ii) the voltage regulation
control shall not limit the required active power capability of the Facility at the
Interconnection Point.
2.Rapid Spinning Reserve and Fast Frequency Response
a.Instantaneous injection of reserve energy as a function of the rate of change and/or
deviations of the system frequency in the event of a sudden loss of generation or
unexpected ramp -up in demand.
116

--- Page 124 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement -PREPAandCLEAN FLEXIBLEENERGY LLC
b.Energy capability and power capacity to inject nominal active power output (at the
Interconnection Point) in a range within the Discharge Duration, or such longer period as
is possible based on the State of Charge and the discharge rate of Energy delivered from
the Facility.
c.Injection of active power (P) within the first three (3) cycles of a specific frequency
deviation trigger and/or a frequency rate of change trigger (PREPA shall be able lo
configure and select triggers).
i.Total configurability forPREPAselection of the active power output, response
time and response slope.
ii.Total configurability for PREPA selection of triggers: frequency, rate of change of
frequency and instantancous/time delay combinations.
iii.For example, the rapid reserve might be selected to trigger if frequency decays to
59.6 Hz at a rate > 0.25 Hz/sec or drops and stays between 59.0 Hz and 59.2 Hz
for > thirty (30) seconds or drops below 59 Hz.
iv.Total configurability for multiple sets of triggering combinations capable of being
simultaneously active. The rapid reserve mode might be selected to trigger with
Boolean or logical operators that combine active power output, response time,
response slope, frequency limits, frequency rate of change and time delay.
d.The rapid spinning reserve mode shall provide a full output response time (95% of its final
output value) of 100 milliseconds or faster. PREPA shall also have the flexibility of
selecting a limited rapid spinning reserve sub -mode from SCADA. In limited rapid
spinning reserve sub -mode, the active power output, response time and response slope shall
be configurable and programmable from SCADA in accordance with the triggering
combinations and options previously discussed.
e.Capability to ramp down active power output at PREPA's pre -selected and configurable
slope (MW/min or % of active power output/min) after system frequency is normalized
and triggers pre -selected and configurable frequency window for a certain amount of time.
BESS shall ramp down to PREPA's pre -selected and configurable active power output (10
MW, 5 MW, 0 MW, etc.) and be able to automatically make the transition and continue
operating in frequency control and regulation mode in accordance with previously selected
and configurable parameters. The active power automatic ramp down should have the
capability of being manually interrupted and ramped down from SCADA.
i.Total configurability of ramp down slope in MW/minute or % of active power
output/minute.
ii.Total configurability of active power output target to which BESS shall ramp down
before making the transition to operate in frequency control and regulation mode.
iii.Total configurability for PREPA selection of frequency triggers that initiate rapid
reserve ramp down process: frequency limits of window range and time delay
combinations that initiate ramp down.
117

--- Page 125 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
iv.For example, rapid reserve ramp down might be triggered if frequency returns to
60 Hz +/- 0.1 Hz and stays in this range for at least twenty (20) seconds or returns
to 60 Hz +/- 0.2 Hz and stays in this range for at least thirty (30) seconds.
f.Capability to ramp down active power output at PREPA's pre -selected and configurable
slope (MW/min or % of active power output/min) after SCADA command is received from
PREPA's Energy Control Center System Operator to automatically make the transition and
continue operating in frequency control and regulation mode in accordance with previously
selected and configurable parameters.
g
Total configurability of ramp down slope in MW/minute or % of active power
output/minute.
ii.Total configurability of active power output target to which BESS shall ramp down
before making the transition to operate in frequency control and regulation mode.
Capability to inject nominal active power output for 1.0 hour and simultaneously inject or
absorb nominal reactive power at the Interconnection Point.
3.Dispatchable Generation Source
a.Injection of active power at the Interconnection Point for a limited period of time to cover
temporary generation deficits or start-up fast generating units.
b.PREPA shall he able to select from SCADA the constant power output mode, active power
(P) magnitude and time period.
c.Capability to automatically make the transition from dispatchable mode to frequency
control and regulation mode in accordance with previously selected and configurable
parameters after SCADA command is received from PREPA's Energy Control Center
System Operator.
d.Capability to ramp down active power output at PREPA 's pre -selected and configurable
slope (MW/min or %of active power output/min) after SCA DA command is received from
PREPA's Energy Control Center System Operator to automatically make the transition
from dispatchable mode to frequency control and regulation mode in accordance with
previously selected and configurable parameters.
i.Total configurability of ramp down slope in MW/minute or % of active power
output/minute
ii.Total configurability of active power output target to which BESS shall ramp down
before making the transition to operate in frequency control and regulation mode
e.Capability to operate in the dispatchable generation source mode and simultaneously
control the voltage by the injection or absorption of up to nominal reactive power at the
Interconnection Point.
118

--- Page 126 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
4.Voltage Regulation and Control
a.Dynamic reactive power compensation source capable of continuously injecting or
absorbing reactive power (up to +/- nominal MVAR at Interconnection Point) as a function
of system voltage deviations.
b.Voltage regulation strategy based 100% on power electronics technology (no passive
components like capacitors or reactors, neither thyristor controlled or switched capacitors
or reactors allowed to complement reactive power capability).
c.Constant voltage control is required (voltage set point control mode).
d.PREPA shall be able to adjust from SCADA the voltage regulation set points shall between
95% and 105% rated voltage at the Interconnection Point. Because the previous voltage
regulation range could be expanded (for example up to 106%) if PREPA's internal analyses
indicate that additional dynamic compensation is required for specific multi -contingency
scenarios, the upper voltage set point limits should be totally configurable and adjusted
from SCADA beyond the typical voltage regulation range.
e.The voltage regulation shall be based on direct measurement by means of new BESS
dedicatedpotentialtransformers(thatResourceProvidershallinstall)atthe
Interconnection Point.
f.The voltage regulation system strategy shall be based on proportional plus integral (Pl)
control actions with parallel reactive droop compensation. The voltage regulation droop
shall he adjustable from 0 to 10% in steps not greater than 0.5%.
g.At zero percent (0%) droop, the voltage regulation system shall achieve a steady-state
voltage accuracy of +/- 0.3% of the controlled voltage at the Interconnection Point. For
voltage regulation droops between 0 and 2.5%, the voltage regulation system shall be
calibrated such that a change in reactive power will achieve 95% of its final value no later
than one (1) second following a step change in voltage. The change in reactive power
should not cause excessive voltage excursions or overshoot. If a voltage overshoot is
generated, it should be less than 1%.
h.For voltage regulation droops between 2.5% and 5.0%, the voltage regulation system shall
be calibrated such that a change in reactive power will achieve 95% of its final value no
later than 500 msec following a step change in voltage. The change in reactive power
should not cause excessive voltage excursions or overshoot. If a voltage overshoot is
generated, it should be less than 1%.
J
For voltage regulation droops between 5% and 10%, the voltage regulation system shall be
calibrated such that a change in reactive power will achieve 95% of its final value no later
than 100 msec following a step change in voltage. The change in reactive power should
not cause excessive voltage excursions or overshoot. Ifs voltage overshoot is generated, it
should be less than 1%.
The voltage regulation system dead band shall not exceed 0.1%.
119

--- Page 127 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
k.The voltage regulation system shall be programmed to control and coordinate with local
power transfonners tap changers and local reactive power sources physically located in the
switchyard.
5.Fast Dynamic Reactive Power Reserve and Voltage Support
a.Instantaneous or slope controlled (lv1VAR/sec) injection or absorption of reactive power
triggered by and as a function of the rate of change and/or deviations of the system voltage.
b.Injection of reactive power (Q) within the first three (3) cycles of a specific voltage
deviation trigger and/or a voltage rate of change trigger. PREPA shall be able to configure
and select triggers.
i.PREPA shall be able to configure and select from SCADA the maximum final
reactive power output value for fast dynamic reactive power reserve up to the
nominal reactive power capacity.
ii.Total configurability for PREPA selection of triggers: voltage magnitude, rate of
change of voltage and instantaneous/time delay combinations.
iíi.For example, fast dynamic reactive power reserve might be selected to trigger if
voltage decays to 0.95pu kV at a rate > 2.0 kV/sec or drops below 0.9pu.
iv.For example, a different value of fast dynamic reactive power reserve might be
selected to trigger if voltage decays to 0.95pu at a rate > 1.0 kV/sec or drops below
0.93pu.
c.A full output response time (95% of its final output value) of 100 msecs. or faster is
required. The maximum overshoot should not exceed 5% of the ordered change and the
settling time should not exceed 150 msec.
i.Capability to inject 120% of nominal reactive power output for three (3) seconds
at required 100 msec. response time.
ii.Absorption of reactive power (Q) within the first three (3) cycles of a specific
voltage deviation trigger and/or a voltage rate of change. PREPA shall be able to
configure and select triggers.
iii.PREPA shall be able to configure and select from SCADA the mínimum final
reactive power output value for fast dynamic reactive power absorption, up to the
nominal reactive power capacity of BESS.
iv.Total configurability for PREPA selection of triggers: voltage magnitude, rate of
change of voltage and instantaneous/time delay combinations.
v.For example, fast dynamic reactive power might be selected to trigger if voltage
increases to 1.1 pu of the nominal voltage at a rate > 3.0 kV/sec or increases above
1.2pu of the nominal voltage.
120

--- Page 128 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
d.A different fast dynamic reactive power might be selected to trigger if voltage increases to
1.1pu of nominal voltage at a rate > 2.0 kV/sec or increases above 1.15pu of nominal
voltage.
e.Capability to inject nominal fast dynamic reactive power reserve or operate in voltage
regulation mode depending on the system voltage conditions, and simultaneously inject
nominal active power output for 1.0 hour at the Interconnection Point.
6.Black Start Capability
a.The Facility shall provide for BESS start-up capability and full functionality during system
blackouts.
b.The Facility shall provide for BESS start-up capability and full functionality during
unavailability of external system generation sources.
7.BESS Full Functional Voltage and Frequency Operational Range and Ride -Through
Capability
a.Low Voltage Operation Range:
$
350
140
330
120
110
300
90
30
w
60
50
40
30
20
10
o
, ,
_-- --
-
+-
--.1--,
_#1..,i.fré"
-
________
0t.51113215a15
Leg.nd
150 ms600msTime (s)
LVRTIOVRT
Figure 1 BESS Voltage Operational Range and Ride -Through Requirements
i.From Figure 1 (above), PREPA requires BESS to remain totally functional and
online during three (3) phase and single phase faults down to 0.0 per -unit
(measured at the Interconnection Point), for up to 600 mscc.
121

--- Page 129 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
ii.BESS shall remain online and continue operating during and after normally cleared
faults on the Interconnection Point.
iii.BESS shalt remain online and continue operating during and after backup -cleared
faults.
b.High Voltage Operational Range:
PREPA requires BESS to remain totally functional and online during symmetrical
and asymmetrical overvoltage conditions as specified by the following values
(illustrated in Figure 1 above):
Overvoitage (pu)Minimum time
1.4- 1.3150 ms
1.3 -1.251s
1.25 - 1.153 s
1.15 or lowerindefinitely
c.Frequency Ride Through (FRT)
56.0 - 63.0 HzNo tripping (continuous)
55.5 - 56.0 Hz20 sec time delay
< 55.5 or > 63.0 HzInstantaneous trip
8.Dynamic System Monitoring Equipment (DSM)
Resource Provider is required to provide, install, commission and maintain a dynamic system
monitoring equipment that conforms to PREPA's specifications and signals list.
9.Modeling and Validation
a.Once final adjustments and parameter settings related with commissioning and MTR
compliance tests are completed, Resource Provider shall submit a PSS/E Siemens - PTI
Certified mathematical model and validation report. When referred to the mathematical
model, this shall include but is not limited to inverters, transformers, coIIector systems,
plant controllers, control systems and any other equipment necessary to properly model
BESS facility for both steady-state and dynamic simulation modules.
b.Resource Provider shall submit user manuals for both BESS unit and BESS Facility models
including a complete and detailed description of the voltage regulation system (VRS) and
frequency regulation system model implementation. The mathematical models shall be
fully compatible with the latest and future versions of PSS/E. Resource Provider shall use
PSS/E standard models. In the case that Resource Provider submits user written models,
Resource Provider shall keep these models current with the future versions of the PSS/E
program until such time that PSS/E has implemented a standard model. Resource Provider
122

--- Page 130 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
shall submit to PREPA an official report from Siemens - PTI that validates and certifies
the required mathematical models, including subsequent revisions. Resource Provider shall
submit the officialreports and certifications from Siemens - PTI, otherwise the
mathematical model shall not be considered valid.
c.Resource Provider shall submit Siemens - P'l'I certified PSS/E mathematical models of
any kind of compensation devices (i.e. SVC, STATCOMs, BESS, elc.) used on BESS
facility. Resource Provider shall use standard models provided with PSS/E. In the case that
Resource Provider submits user written models, Resource Provider shall keep these models
current with the future versions of the PSS/E program until such time that PSS/E has
implemented a standard model. In its final form, the mathematical model shall be able to
simulate each of the required control and operational modes available for the compensation
device and shall be compatible with the latest and future versions of PSS/E. The model
shall reflect final adjustments and parameters settings related with the control system
commissioning process and shall be incorporated to the PSS/E mathematical model and
tested accordingly by Resource Provider and PREPA system study groups. Resource
Provider shall submit the official reports and certifications from Siemens - PTI, otherwise
the mathematical models shall not be considered valid.
d.If Resource Provider provides user written model(s), then it shall provide compiled code
of the model and maintain the user written model compatible with current and new releases
of PSS/E until such time a standard model is provided. Resource Provider shall permit
PREPA to make available Facility models to external consultants with a non -disclosure
agreement in place.
c.Resource Provider shall submit a PSS/E model validation report. This report shall
demonstrate PSS/E simulation results that show the model MTR compliance and
performance, based on final adjustment and parameter settings of MTR and commissioning
field tests. Resource Provider shall submit the official reports and certifications from
Siemens - PTI, otherwise the mathematical models shall not be considered valid.
f.Additional details for the adequate PSS/E modeling and the contents of the PSS/E
validation report can be found in PREPA's "Guidelines on PSS/E Mathematical Models"
document.
10.Power Management
The Facility shall provide adequate technology (communicating technology and the corresponding
control equipment) and implement PREPA's power management requirements (ramp rate limits,
output limits, curtailment).
I1.Short Circuit Ratio (SCR) Requirements
Short Circuit Ratio values (System Short Circuit MVA at POI/BESS Facility MVA Capacity) under
5 shall not be permitted. Resource Provider shall install additional equipment, such as synchronous
condensers, and controls as necessary to comply with PREPA's minimum shortcircuit
requirements.
123

--- Page 131 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
12.General
a.For batteries, replacement of individual cells or cell modules shall not interrupt BESS
availability to the grid.
b.BESS shall have dedicated auxiliary electric power systems to serve BESS ancillary loads
(11 VAC, lighting, etc.) and be able to be auto -transferred to a reliable backup source.
c.BESS shall have a minimum round trip energy efficiency of 85% measured at the
Interconnection Point.
d.PREPA shall define the BESS voltage level at the Interconnection Point. The Project shall
include appropriate step-up transformers and required interconnection equipment,
including any necessary augmentationormodificationtoexistingsubstationor
transmission facilities.
e.BESS control system shall integrate the following operational requirements:
i.BESS controllers shall be compatible with the systems used in PREPA's System
Operations Control Center and Energy Management System.
ii.BESS shall be completely dispatchable.
iii.BESS control system shall provide available energy forecasting.
iv.Any operating function shall be capable of being remotely and dynamically
selected and prioritized.
v.Function parameters (i.e. droop setting) of any operating function shall be capable
of' being remotely modified.
vi.Resource Provider shall fully describe and demonstrate how the proposed BESS
control system(s) will operate.
The control system shall have the necessary hardware and software (i.e. firewalls & malware detection)
such that it is compliant with the latest NERC CIP reliability standards for control system security
requirements.
124

--- Page 132 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX L
OPERATING PROCEDURES
GENERAL
1.0Interaction with the Agreement
These Operating Procedures set out certain guidelines relating to the operation and maintenance of the
Facility. As set out in Section 3.9 (Protocols & Procedures) of the Agreement, in the event of any conflict
between the terms and conditions of these Operating Procedures and the rest of the Agreement, the terms
and conditions of the Agreement shall prevail. Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that its
compliance with these Operating Procedures will not in any way relieve Resource Provider from any
liability that it has under the Agreement.
T&D Operator shall be deemed to be acting as PREPA's agent in its implementation of the Operating
Procedures, and Resource Provider shall have the same rights, privileges and defenses against PREPA
regarding T&D Operator's actions as if PREPA had performed the functions assigned to T&D Operator
thereunder.
Each Party shall confirm or update the contact information of this Appendix L by written notice to the other
Party no later than sixty (60) days prior to Initial Synchronization Date.
2.0Definitions
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix L (Operating Procedures) shall have the same
meanings set forth in Section 1.1 (Definitions) of the Agreement.
In this Appendix L (Operating Procedures):
 "Actual Discharge Capacity" means, at any given time, the instantaneous amount of Energy (in
MW) made available from the Facility at the Interconnection Point, based on prevailing ambient
conditions and Facility availability at such time.
 "Available Discharge Capacity" means, at any given time, the potential maximum amount of
Energy (in MW) that could be made available from the Facility at the Interconnection Point, based
on prevailing ambient conditions and the availability of the Facility at such time.
 "BESS" means the battery energy storage system that comprises part of the Facility.
 "Curtailment Level" has the meaning set forth in Paragraph 4.9(c) of Procedure V.
 "Disconnection and Curtailment Event Log" means a record of any disconnection or connection
event, regardless of cause, which is in the form attached in Appendix 1.I of Procedure 1.
 "Dispatch Center" means each dispatch center operated by PREPA and/or T&D Operator.
 "DSM" means dynamic system monitoring equipment installed at the Facility.
125

--- Page 133 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY MC
 "ECC" means the energy control center operated by T&D Operator.
 "EMS" has the meaning set forth in Paragraph 4.2(b) of Procedure I.
 "ESSA Operational Administrator" means the representative appointed by T&D Operator to act
as the operational administrator for energy storage services.
 "Facility Status Report" means the report to be delivered by Resource Provider to the ECC
substantially in the form set out in Appendix 1.1 of Procedure 1.
 "MTRs Corrective Action Report" has the meaning set forth in Paragraph 4.9(í)(f.2) of Procedure
V.
 "MTRs Non-compliance Report" has the meaning set forth in Paragraph 4.9(f0.1) of Procedure
V.
 "RTC" has the meaning set forth in Paragraph 4.1(a) of Procedure I.
 "Waiting Period" means the Force Majeure Waiting Period and/or the Grid System Waiting
Period, as applicable.
126

--- Page 134 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PROCEDURE I.DISPATCH OF POWER AND CHARGING
1.0Objective
This Procedure is intended to facilitate the dispatch of the Facility and coordination between T&D Operator
and Resource Provider,
2.0Scope of Procedure
This Procedure includes guidelines in relation to the following:
 dispatch of the Facility (Discharge Mode);
 charging of the Facility (Charge Mode);
 use of the Facility for storage of Energy (Storage Mode);
 voltage scheduling;
 voltage regulation;
 dispatching and/or curtailment during T&D Operator/Resource Provider declared Emergency
conditions; and
 reporting on the status of the Facility.
3.0Responsibilities
In accordance with Sections 6 (Operation of the Facility) and 7 (Dispatching & Charging Obligations) of
the Agreement, the Parties agree, for the purposes of operations, dispatching, and charging of the Facility,
that:
a.Resource Provider's personnel will contact the following T&D Operator ECC personnel:
CompanyIiticNameThole
'1'&D
Operator
Generation Shift
Engineer
On shift787-521-5064
T&D
Operator
Principal Shift
Engineer
On shift787-521-5066
127

--- Page 135 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
b.T&D Operator Dispatch Center personnel will contact the following Resource Provider's
personnel:
('ompanyTitlePhone(ell PhoneL-utail
Resource
Provider
(primary
contact)
Resource
Provider
(back-up
contact)
4.0Procedure
4.1General
a.Resource Provider will make the following data available to T&D Operator in real time,
through the Facility's Remote Terminal Unit ("RTU"):
a.lthe Actual Discharge Capacity at the Interconnection Point (MW and MVAR);
a.2the Available Discharge Capacity at the Interconnection Point (MW);
a.3the State of Charge of the Facility;
a.4the Facility disconnect status, and active ramp rates (UP and DOWN) (MW/min);
a.5the Facility curtailment setpoint and "ENABLE/DISABLE" control point;
a.6the real time voltage at the Interconnection Point of the Facility (kV);
a.7the percent voltage regulation system droop setpoint;
a.8the percent frequency regulation system droop setpoint; and
a.9any other signals and/or data required by T&D Operator.
b.T&D Operator reserves the right to disconnect the Facility or curtail the Energy Storage
Services if the Facility fails to comply with the MTRs. T&D Operator shall have no liability
to Resource Provider in connection with any such disconnection or curtailment (including any
payment liability or liability in respect of waiting time).
c.Before commencing work activities within the Facility that may create a risk of a Non -
Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating, Resource Provider shall first coordinate with
the ECC and obtain by phone a work order for such activities, provided that Resource Provider
shall not need to obtain a work order if, due to the nature of an Emergency or risk to personnel
128
43.

--- Page 136 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
or equipment, waiting for a work order is impractical or would increase the risks to personnel
or equipment.
d.All communications regarding the status of the Facility between Resource Provider and T&D
Operator personnel shall be confirmed by email to the corresponding representatives as soon
as possible.
4.2Dispatch and Charging of the Facility
a.Resource Provider shall operate the Facility to meet the MCC and to comply with Section 7
(Dispatching & Charging Obligations) of the Agreement.
b.Resource Provider shall ensure that the Facility control system integrates controllers that are
compatible with the systems used in the ECC and T&D Operator's Energy Management
System ("EMS") to automate the dispatching and charging process based on ECC anticipated
operation and the conditions of the Grid System. The ECC shall control dispatch and charging
via Automatic Generation Control (AGC) in accordance with each applicable Dispatch Notice
or Charge Notice or as per system conditions.
c.Resource Provider shall not release Energy from the Facility over D'°". T&D Operator will
monitor any violation of such limitation, and if any such violation occurs during normal
operating conditions, T&D Operator shall notify Resource Provider of any such dispatch limit
violation, and any excess Energy discharged from the Facility shall not be counted for billing
purposes in accordance with the Agreement.
d.T&D Operator may require Resource Provider to disconnect the Facility or curtail the amount
of Energy being discharged from the Facility to the extent expressly authorized by, and in
accordance with, the terms of the Agreement.
e.Other than during the occurrence of any Permitted Outage I lour, Resource Provider shall:
e.1if the ECC requires power from the Facility while the Facility is operating in Charge
Mode, make the Facility available for dispatch, and discharge to T&D Operator in
accordance with a Dispatch Notice, a quantity of Discharge Energy (expressed in MWh)
that is available at the time of such request and for a duration that is determined based
on the State of Charge at the time of such request; and
e.2while the Facility is operating in Charge Mode, make the Facility available at the
Interconnection Point for dispatch by T&D Operator in accordance with requirements
specified in the MTRs.
f.While operating in Charge Mode, Discharge Mode, or Storage Mode, the optimal operation of
the Facility shall be subject to T&D Operator guidelines and the EMS, taking into
consideration the technical characteristics and limitations of the Facility (such as the Cmm).
4.3Voltage Scheduling
The voltage schedule shall be consistent with the Facility design, MTRs and based on the normally expected
operating conditions for the Facility and the reactive power requirements of the Grid System. The voltage
schedule is effectively +1-5% (0.95 - 1.05 per unit) of the nominal voltage at the Interconnection Point.
129

--- Page 137 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY I.LC
4.4Voltage Regulation
a.The ECC will adjust the voltage regulation setpoint through remote control, provided that T&D
Operator shall not require the Facility to operate beyond its required minimum design limits
as specified in the MTRs.
b.T&D Operator will notify Resource Provider of the corresponding voltage droop setting of the
Facility or any change to it as defined in the MTRs.
c.T&D Operator will monitor the response compliance of the Facility. If any violation of the
MTRs occurs, Procedure V (Monitoring and Enforcement of MTRs) will apply.
4.5Dispatch during T&D Operator Declared Emergency Conditions
If T&D Operator declares an Emergency, the ECC may disconnect the Facility or curtail the Energy Storage
Services. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, T&D Operator's control centers may require
Resource Provider personnel to increase or decrease the discharge of Energy, to disconnect or delay
synchronization of the Facility to maintain safe and reliable load levels and voltages on the Grid System,
which shall in all cases be consistent with Prudent Utility Practices. T&D Operator and Resource Provider
shall keep detailed records of each curtailment or disconnection event, calculate the corresponding waiting
periods and determine if the event duration exceeded any applicable waiting period under the Agreement.
Set out in Appendix 1.1 of this Procedure are proformas for recording this information. The Parties shall
reconcile these records for each event, in accordance with the procedures set forth in Appendix I.I of this
Procedure.
4.6Facility Status Reporting
a.Resource Provider shall provide daily, before 5:00 am (Puerto Rico time), a Facility Status
Report to the ECC in electronic form. The proforma for this status report is included as
Appendix 1.1 of this Procedure.
b.Resource Provider shall immediately notify the FCC if, after delivery of the Facility Status
Report, there is any pertinent change in Resource Provider's Facility status.
130

--- Page 138 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX 1.1CURTAILMENT OR DISCONNECTION DURING EMERGENCIES OR
FORCE MAJEURE
1.0Curtailments and Disconnection Events
a.Curtailment (changes of the scheduled dispatch or charging) or disconnections due to Force
Majeure or an Emergency, including due to a Grid System Event or Force Majeure:
a.(If T&D Operator declares an Emergency or an event or circumstance of Force Majeure
occurs, T&D Operator may curtail the Energy Storage Services or disconnect the
Facility.
a.2T&D Operator shall provide written notice, as soon as practicable after the occurrence
of an Emergency or any other event or circumstance of Force Majeure, with particulars
of the event and its estimated duration.
a.3If T&D Operator has disconnected the Facility due to an Emergency or Force Majeure,
the ECC shall notify Resource Provider when the Facility is able to reconnect to the
Grid System. Prior to reconnection of the Facility, Resource Provider shall: (i) confirm
to T&D Operator that the Facility is able to reconnect to the Grid System (including the
date and time the Facility is available to reconnect); and (ii) notify T&D Operator of the
availability of the Facility to charge and discharge Energy ín compliance with the
MTRs.
a.4Resource Provider shall keep a detailed record of each disconnection or curtailment
event caused by an Emergency or Force Majeure and, after the Commercial Operation
Date, shall notify T&D Operator if the aggregate duration of these events exceeds any
applicable Waiting Period for an Agreement Year, including any applicable Grid
System Waiting Period or Force Majeure Waiting Period.
a.5Included at the end of this Appendix I. Iis the form of Disconnection and Curtailment
Event Log that Resource Provider shall complete and submit in accordance with
Paragraph 2 of this Appendix 1.1 for each disconnection or curtailment event caused by
an Emergency or Force Majeure. The Parties shall reconcile these records for each event
in accordance with Paragraph 2 of this Appendix I.1.
2.0Completion Procedure for Disconnection and Curtailment Event Logs
Within forty-eight (48) hours after the conclusion of any event of disconnection or curtailment, Resource
Provider shall: (1) complete an entry in the relevant Disconnection and Curtailment Event Log; and (ii)
submit the Disconnection and Curtailment Event Log to T&D Operator. The information recorded in the
Disconnection and Curtailment and Event Log shall include:
 the incident number and type of incident (i.e., curtailment, disconnection, or both);
 the event start and end dates, duration, and curtailment/disconnection percentage, whether the event
start time shall be the time that the Facility de -synchronizes from the Grid System, or curtailment
begins, and whether the event end time shall be the time the Facility re -synchronizes with the Grid
System, inclusive of the typical time for start-up and synchronization, or when the curtailment ends;
athe cause of the incident;
131

--- Page 139 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and C1,EAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
 the corrective measures taken by T&D Operator or Resource Provider in response to the incident;
 any additional relevant details regarding the incident;
 the date and time the Facility is available to deliver Discharge Energy and the Available Discharge
Capacity of the Facility that can be discharged in compliance with the MTRs; and
 allocation of time towards any applicable Waiting Period for the event under consideration and any
time that exceeds the applicable Waiting Periods.
Within forty-eight (48) hours after receipt of the Disconnection and Curtailment Event Log from Resource
Provider, "l'&D Operator shall either acknowledge the Disconnection and Curtailment Event Log by
counter -signing the entry and returning it to Resource Provider or shall otherwise raise any issue regarding
the Disconnection and Curtailment and Event Log with Resource Provider.
3.0Completion Procedure
a.Resource Provider shall procure that Resource Provider's shift supervisor shall complete the
following sections of the attached proforma to facilitate communications with the T&D
Operator Shift Engineers relating to the Facility status:
a.1date of the report;
a.2status of the Automatic Voltage Regulator (AVR) for the Facility;
a.3status of the control system for the Facility (Voltage Regulation & Control, Frequency
Response, etc.);
a.4status of the BESS component of the Facility;
a.5status of the DSM;
a.6status of any other equipment deemed necessary based on the specification of the
Facility;
a.7a summary of the operating conditions of the Facility; and
a.8the causes of any restrictions to active or reactive loading.
132

--- Page 140 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Force Majeure
Curtailment or Disconnection Event Log
Incident No:CurtailmentDisconnection
Cause of Incident:
Corrective
Measures:
Additional Details:
Event
Start Date
Event Start
Time
Even
t
End
Date
Event End
Time
Duration
(bh:mm:ss)
Curtailment
%
Facility Capable to Deliver Electrical Power
Charge/Discharge from (mm/dd/yy,
bh:mm:ss:)
% of
Capacity:
Force Majeure Waiting Period'
Agreement Year to Date
Aggregate
Hoursunder
curtailment for
Agreement
Year
Time exceeding
waitingperiod
for Agreement
Year
Incidents
Note1: Totals include all applicable incidents
Recorded By:
Record Date:
133

--- Page 141 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Incident No:
Cause of
Incident:
Grid System Event or Other
Curtailment or Disconnection Event Log
CurtailmentDisconnection
Event Start
Date
Event Start
Time
Event End
Date
Event End
Time
Duration
(hh:mm:ss)
Curtailme
nt %
Corrective Measures:
Additional
Details:
Facility Capable to Deliver Electrical Power
Charge/Discharge from (mm/dd/yy,
hh:mm:ss)
Grid System Waiting Period
Year to Date
Aggregate Hours under
curtailment for
Agreement Year
Time exceeding Grid
System Waiting Period
for Agreement Year
-
Incidents
of Capacity:
Note1:Includeifcurtailmentor
Disconnection is due to a Grid System Event.Recorded by:
Record
Date:
Confirmedby
T&D Operator:
Confirmation
Date:
134

--- Page 142 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
FACILITY STATUS REPORT
Date / Time submitted:
Resource Provider Company Name
Submitted by (Resource Provider):
EquipmentStatusValueComments
Control System
Voltage Regulator
Energy Storage System
Facility Capacity
Switch Yard
Protection System
Meteorological System
Etc.
Supervisor in charge: ¡ Name]Phone: (xxx) xxx xxxx
- End of Procedure I. Dispatch of Power Discharging -
135

--- Page 143 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LI,C
PROCEDURE H.SCHEDULING OF DISPATCHING AND CHARGING
1.0Objective
This procedure is intended to facilitate the scheduling of dispatching and charging between T&D Operator
and Resource Provider.
2.0Scope of Procedure
For each Day during the Supply Period, Resource Provider shall provide to T&D Operator daily before
5:00 am, a written, accurate estimate for that Day of the Facility Availability (as defined in Appendix F).
3.0Responsibilities
In accordance with Section 7 (Dispatching & Charging Obligations) of the Agreement, the Parties agree
that for the purposes of scheduling the dispatch or charge the Facility:
a.T&D Operator personnel will contact the following Resource Provider personnel and utilize
Appendix 11.1 to provide the dispatching/charging schedule:
CampanyTitleNamePhone
Resource
Provider
Resource
Provider
Operations Manager
Plant Manager
b.Resource Provider personnel will contact the following T&D Operator personnel:
Company'titleyankPhoneI? -mail
T&D
Operator
Director System
OperationsRaphael Gignac787-354-5223raphael.gignac@Iumapr.com
f&D
Operator
Manager Energy
Management
Salvador Serrano
Menendez787-521-5066salvador.serrano@lumapr.com
T&D
Operator
Director Supply -
Side Contracts
Administration
Brian Walshe303-949-4646brian.walshe@lumapr.com
T&D
Operator
Generation Shift
EngineerOn shift787-521-5064
T&D
Operator
Principal Shift
EngineerOn shift787-521-5066
136

--- Page 144 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBI.E ENERGY LLC
4.0Procedure
4.1Facility Next Month - Hourly Charging and Dispatching Schedule
Between Days 15 and 20 of each Month, T&D Operator will provide to Resource Provider an estimated
hourly schedule for the charging and dispatching of the Facility for the immediately following Month,
including an estimate of the total amount of Energy to be dispatched/charged in MWh during that Month.
T&D Operator will provide these estimates to Resource Provider for planning purposes only and, during
the operation of the Facility, the estimated hourly schedule is subject to automatic and instantaneous change
by T&D Operator, including in accordance with the EMS.
4.2Startup /Shut Down Notifications
During normal electrical system operating conditions, Resource Provider shall use commercially reasonable
efforts to provide T&D Operator with twenty-four (24) hours advance notice to either start up or shut down
the Facility. These notices must be given orally and confirmed by email.
Consistent with Section 6.4(Non -Scheduled Outages and Deratings)of the Agreement, Resource Provider
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify T&D Operator of any Non-Schcdulcd Outage or Non -
Scheduled Derating no later than 5:00 pm (Puerto Rico time) on the third (3rd) Business Day prior to the
Day that such Non-Schcdulcd Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating will occur.
In the event of an unexpected Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating, Resource Provider shall
provide notice to T&D Operator by telephone as soon as reasonably practicable and, in all cases, no more
than fifteen (15) minutes following the occurrence of such Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled
Derating. Resource Provider shall, as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, provide T&D Operator with
a notice that includes:
a.the event or condition causing the Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating;
b.the date and time of such event or condition;
c.the expected end date and time of such event or condition;
d.for Non -Scheduled Deratings, the Available Discharge Capacity during such event or
condition, and
e.any other information reasonably requested by T&D Operator.
137

--- Page 145 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX 11.1DISPATCHING/CHARGING SCHEDULE FILE FORMAT
Dispatching, charging or storage schedules should be provided in ASCII space delimited format as shown
in the example below and in a text format. The information shall include hourly discharging. It shall also
include the average and peak amount of Energy that is to be discharged at the Interconnection Point.
Example: Assume the net MWh profile changes from 70 MWh to 0 MWh in twenty-four (24) hours. The
data for the next twenty-four (24) hours will be generated in a format consistent with the following:
NAM ZZZZZZZZ
SNT YYYYMMDD 010000 0
MWP YYYYMMDD 010000 0 70.00070.00070.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 020000 0 60.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 030000 0 50.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 040000 0 70.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 050000 0 60.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 060000 0 50.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 070000 0 70.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 080000 0 60.000-40.000-40.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 090000 0 50.000-50.000-50.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 100000 0 70.000-70.000-70.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 110000 0 60.000-60.000-60.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 120000 0 50.000-50.000-50.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 130000 0 70.000-70.000-70.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 140000 0 60.000-60.000-60.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 150000 0 00.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 160000 0 00.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 170000 0 70.00070.00070.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 180000 0 60.00060.00060.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 190000 0 50.00050.00050.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 200000 0 70.00070.00070.000
138

--- Page 146 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
MWP YYYYMMDD 210000 0 60.00060.00060.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 220000 0 00.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 230000 0 00.00000.00000.000
MWP YYYYMMDD 240000 0 00.00000.00000.000
The first record in the file contains the Facility name. The second record in the file contains the date and
time the file was created. The third record contains the hourly amount of Discharge Energy in MWh. The
fourth record contains the average megawatt output of Energy from the Facility in MW. The fifth record in
the file contains the peak megawatt output of Energy from the Facility in MW. If within the twenty-four
(24) hour period there are additional changes to the MWh profile (such as mid -hour curtailments), a record
should be written for every inflection point of the MWh curve.
- End of Procedure II. Scheduling of Dispatching andCharging -
C 139

--- Page 147 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PROCEDURE III.SCHEDULED OUTAGES, NON-SCHEDULED OUTAGES, SCHEDULED
DERATINGS AND NON-SCHEDULED DERATINGS
1.0Objective
This Procedure is intended to facilitate the coordination and management of Scheduled Outages, Non -
Scheduled Outages, Scheduled Deratings, and Non -Scheduled Deratings of the Facility between T&D
Operator and Resource Provider.
2.0Scope of Procedure
These Procedures apply in relation to the following notifications:
 Scheduled Outages;
 Non -Scheduled Outages;
 Scheduled Deratings; and
 Non -Scheduled Deratings.
3.0Responsibilities
In accordance with Section 6 (Operation of the Facility) of the Agreement, the Parties agree that for the
purposes of Scheduled Outages, Non -Scheduled Outages, Scheduled Deratings and Non -Scheduled
Deratings,
a.Resource Provider's personnel will contact the following T&D Operator personnel:
CompanyTitleNamePhuucI? -mail
T&D
Operator
Manager Energy
Management
Salvador Serrano
Menendez787-521-5066salvadonserrano@lumapr.com
T&D
Operator
Director System
OperationsRaphael Gignac787-354-5223raphael.gignac@lumaprcom
T&D
Operator
Director Supply -
Side Contracts
Administration
Brian Walshe303-949-4646brian.walshe@lurnapr.com
b.T&D Operator personnel will contact the following Resource Provider's personnel:
('umpa::yVilleName1.-m:ul
Resource
Provider
Plant Manager
Resource
Provider
Operations Manager
140<1?)

--- Page 148 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
4.0Procedure
4.1General
In accordance with Section 6 (Operation of the Facility) of the Agreement, if the Facility has a Scheduled
Outage, Non -Scheduled Outage, Scheduled Derating or Non -Scheduled Derating and such Outage or
Derating occurs or would occur coincident with a T&D Operator declared Emergency, then at T&D
Operator's request, Resource Provider shall make commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with Prudent
Utility Practices to reschedule (with T&D Operator's approval) the Outage or Derating or, if such event has
already commenced, to expedite the completion thereof.
4.2Scheduled Outages or Scheduled Deratings
a.Resource Provider shall submit to T&D Operator a Scheduled Maintenance Program for each
Year in accordance with Section 6.3 (Scheduled Maintenance) of the Agreement.
b.Resource Provider shall submit the proposed Scheduled Maintenance Program using the form
attached as Appendix 1I1.1 to this Procedure and will include the following information:
b.lthe date and time of commencement of each Scheduled Outage or Scheduled berating;
b.2the available capacity of the Facility during the Scheduled Outage or Scheduled
Derating (if any), including in respect of a Scheduled Derating, the Energy Storage
Services available during such event;
b.3details of the maintenance activities to be completed during the Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating; and
b.4the expected duration of the Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating and approximate
time to restore the Facility to full operation.
c.PREPA shall consider and approve the draft Scheduled Maintenance Program in accordance
with Section 6.3 (Scheduled Maintenance) of the Agreement. The Parties may amend the
Scheduled Maintenance Program in accordance with Section 6.3 (Scheduled Maintenance) of
the Agreement.
d.During any Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating:
d. IIf Resource Provider has reason to believe that the duration of the Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating will exceed the planned duration, Resource Provider will notify
T&D Operator as soon as possible as to the cause of such delays and the additional time
required to complete the Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating. In such event,
Resource Provider will use reasonable efforts to return the Facility to operation in the
shortest possible time following the end of the originally Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating period.
d.2Resource Provider may notify T&D Operator if the work related to the Scheduled
Outage or the Scheduled Derating requested by Resource Provider is completed before
the expiry of the planned duration for such Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating.
Upon receipt of such notice, T&D Operator will use commercially reasonable efforts to
return the Facility to operation in the shortest possible time. For the purposes of
141(P)

--- Page 149 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
calculating the Permitted Outage Flours, the Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating,
as applicable, will continue until the first to occur of: (i) the return by T&D Operator of
the Facility to operation; and (ii) the expiry of the planned duration for such Scheduled
Outage or Scheduled Derating.
43Non -Scheduled Outages or Non -Scheduled Deratings
a.In accordance with Section6.4 (Non -Scheduled Outages & Deratings) of the Agreement,
Resource Provider shall use reasonable efforts to notify and coordinate all Non -Scheduled
Outages or Non -Scheduled Deratings with'I'&D Operator's Operations Subdivision Head at
least twenty-four (24) hours in advance of any such Outage or Derating. Such notifications
shall be documented using the form attached as Appendix 111.2 to this Procedure.
b.Resource Provider shall use reasonable efforts to coordinate Non -Scheduled Outages or Non -
Scheduled Deratings to occur during times when the Facility is not projected to be dispatched
or charging, during Scheduled Outages or Scheduled Deratings, or such other times as will
minimize any adverse effect on the operation of the Grid System.
4.4Spare Parts
In order to minimize the potential impact of any Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating,
Resource Provider shall ensure that it maintains at the Site, or has access to ín a near proximity to the Site,
sufficient spare parts for the Facility in accordance with the manufacturer's recommendation or Prudent
Utility Practices.
142

--- Page 150 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX III.1SCHEDULED OUTAGES OR SCHEDULED DERATINGS
a.At the times required in accordance with Section 6.3 (Scheduled Maintenance) of the
Agreement, Resource Provider shall submit to the ECC (signed and submitted by Resource
Provider's plant manager) a proposed Scheduled Maintenance Program setting out:
a.lfor each Scheduled Outage:
a.1.1the date and time of the commencement of such Scheduled Outage - being the
point in time when the Facility is desynchronized and is no longer available for
discharging and/or charging;
a.1.2the expected duration of such Scheduled Outage from the date and time of
desynchronization of the Facility to the date and time the Facility ís once again
available for discharging and/or charging; and
a.I.3details of the reasons for the Scheduled Outage and a reference to any
supplementary information; and
a.2for each Scheduled Derating:
a.2. 1the date and time of commencement of each Scheduled Derating - being the
point in time when the Facility has reduced capacity to provide the Energy
Storage Services;
a.2.2the expected duration of such Scheduled Derating from the date and time when
the Facility has reduced capacity to provide the Energy Storage Services until
such time as the capacity of the Facility is fully restored; and
a.2.3details of the reasons for the Scheduled Derating and a reference to any
supplementary information.
b.T&D Operator shall procure that the ESSA Operational Administrator acknowledges receipt
of the proposed Scheduled Maintenance Program by completing the following and returning
it to Resource Provider:
Received by T&D Operator on [date].
This signature only indicates acknowledgement of the receipt of the proforma - it does not
indicate acceptance of the proposed schedule for Scheduled Outages or Scheduled Deratings.
T&D Operator will indicate its acceptance of all or any of the proposed dates and/or propose
alternate dates in writing to Resource Provider in accordance with the Agreement and the
procedures set out in Paragraph 4.2 of this Procedure.
c.If there is any delay in the completion of any Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating,
Resource Provider shall notify T&D Operator of the delay, with such notice to include the
following information.
e.IRevised Scheduled Outage or Scheduled Derating completion date and time
c,2Reference attached information outlining the cause / causes of the delay.
143

--- Page 151 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Date/TimeSubmitted
Submittedby
Provider
Resource
Received by T&D Operator
Dare and Time of
Reception of
Completed Appendix
111.1 by T&D
Operator
Date andTime of
Commencement of
Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating
Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating
Details
Expected Duration of
Scheduled Outage or
Scheduled Derating
144

--- Page 152 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX 111.2NON-SCHEDULED OUTAGES OR NON-SCHEDULED DERATINGS
a.Resource Provider shall complete the following sections of the proforma and email it to T&D
Operator's Operation Subdivision Head (submitted and signed by Resource Provider's plant
manager or operations manager). Resource Provider shall use reasonable efforts to notify T&D
Operator of any Non -Scheduled Outages or Non -Scheduled Deratings at least twenty-four (24)
hours in advance:
a.1In respect of a Non -Scheduled Outage:
a.1.1the date and time of the commencement of the Non -Scheduled Outage, being
the point in time when the Facility is desynchronized;
a.1.2a summary of the cause of the Non -Scheduled Outage; and
a.1.3the expected duration of the Non -Scheduled Outage in hours from the date and
time of desynchronization to the date and time the Facility is once again
available for discharging or charging.
a.2In respect of a Non -Scheduled berating:
a.2.1the date and time of the commencement of the Non -Scheduled Derating, being
the point in time when the Facility has reduced capacity for discharging and/or
charging;
a.2.2a summary of the cause of the Non -Scheduled Derating; and
a.2.3the expected duration of the Non -Scheduled Derating in hours from the date and
time of the reduction in capacity to the elate and time the capacity of the Facility
is restored.
a.3Resource Provider shall revise the date and time notified in accordance with Paragraph
a.1.3 or a.2.3 above as circumstances require through regular communication with T&D
Operator.
Date/Time Submitted
Submitted by Resource Provider
Received by T&D Operator
145It)

--- Page 153 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Date and Time ofDate and Time ofNon -Scheduled OutageExpected Duration of
Reception of ProformaCommencement ofor Non -ScheduledNon -Scheduled Outage
by T&D OperatorNon -Scheduled OutageDerating Detailsor Non -Scheduled
or Non -ScheduledDerating
Derating
Notes:
I.Provide summary of reason for Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating and work to
be done to address the cause of the Non -Scheduled Outage or Non -Scheduled Derating.
- End of Procedure III. Scheduled Outages,Non -Scheduled Outages, Scheduled Dcratings and
Non -Scheduled Deratings -
146

--- Page 154 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PROCEDURE N.COMMUNICATIONS REGARDING THE GRID SYSTEM
1.0Objective
This Operating Procedure is intended to facilitate communications between T&D Operator and Resource
Provider regarding the Grid System.
2.0ScopeOf Procedure
This Procedure encompasses communications between T&D Operator and Resource Provider relating to
the following:
 notifications for start-up and synchronization of the Facility;
 any Grid System Event;
 equipment maintenance and inspection and switching practices at the Interconnection Point;
 at risk situations;
 relay settings;
 certification of tests and inspections on electric and protection equipment; and
 infrared thermography inspections at the Interconnection Point.
3.0Responsibilities
Inaccordance with Section6 (Operation of The Facility)of the Agreement, the Parties agree that:
a.for the purpose of communications regarding the interface of the Facility and the Grid System,
Resource Provider's personnel shall contact the following T&D Operator personnel:
a.lfor work orders and operations coordination:
('ompaiyTall.PainePhoneI. -mail
T&D
Operator
GenerationShift
EngineerOn shift787-521-5064
T&D
Operator
Transmission
Operator NorthOn shift
787-521-5065
(115kv/230kv)
or 787-521-
5067(38kv)
T&D
Operator
Transmission
Operator SouthOn shift
787-521-3575
or 787-521-
8714
147

--- Page 155 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
a.2for outages or clearances relating to the Grid System:
('umlrin\"rifleName1'hunr
T&D
Operator
T&D
Operator
Supervisor Outage
Planning
Director Supply -
Side Contracts
Administration
Gisell D. Acevedo
Brian Walshe
a.3for relay settings:
787-521-
5628
303-949-
4646
giselld.acevedo@lurnapr.com
hrian.walshe@lumapr.com
('ntnIi'IINana.Phnncl: -mail
T&D
Operator
Protection
Subdivision Head
[To be provided]
b.for the purpose of communications regarding the Grid System, T&D Operator personnel will
contact the following Resource Provider's personnel:
('nnilcin'TitlrNamePhoneI'-m::il
Resource
Provider
Shifl Supervisor
Resource
Provider
Plant Manager
Resource
Provider
Operation Manager
4.0Procedure
4.1T&D Operator Notifications Required for Facility Start-up and Synchronization
a.Resource Provider's shift supervisor shall notify the ECC Shift Engineers when it will be in a
position to synchronize the Facility.
b.T&D Operator will confirm to Resource Provider, with an order number, when the
synchronization is to be completed.
c.The Parties will follow this procedure each time the Facility is disconnected.
4.2Transmission System Outages
T&D Operator shall procure that the ESSA Operational Administrator immediately notifies Resource
Provider of any planned Grid System outages that could directly affect the discharge or charging of Energy
to or from the Facility, and, if applicable, how much Resource Provider's dispatching or charging activities
should he limited, which shall in all cases be in accordance with Sections 6 (Operation Of The Facility) and
7 (Dispatching & Charging Obligations) of the Agreement.
148

--- Page 156 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRI.PA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
4.3Emergency Situations requiring a Reduction in Dispatching/Charing
a.T&D Operator Shift Engineers may take control of the Facility, or shall notify as soon as
possible Resource Provider's shift supervisor of any potential line overloads or Emergencies
that require a curtailment or disconnection of the Facility, and by how much dispatching or
charging of the Facility should be reduced, which shall in all cases be in accordance with
Sections 6 (Operation Of The Facility) and 7 (Dispatching & Charging Obligations) of the
Agreement.
b.Resource Provider's personnel shall, as soon as possible, notify T&D Operator Shift Engineers
of any Emergency situations at the Resource Provider site which may have a direct impact
upon the dispatching or charging of the Facility. Resource Provider shall use all reasonable
efforts to minimize the impact of any Emergency situation on the dispatching or charging of
the Facility.
4.4Equipment Maintenance and Inspection and Switching Practices at the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities
Resource Provider shall not undertake any maintenance activity on any equipment located within the
Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities which directly interface with the Grid System without first:
(i) confirming with T&D Operator the required steps for the proposed switching activity; and (ii) obtaining
an order from T&D Operator's ESO Coordination and Control Supervisor permitting each switching action
to be executed at the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities.
4.5At -Risk Situations
Resource Provider shall coordinate and obtain a work order from T&D Operator Shift Engineers before
commencing any work that interfaces with or affects the Interconnection Facilities.
4.6Relay Settings
Resource Provider shall not change the relay settings of its protection systems that may have an impact on
the Grid System without first coordinating with T&D Operator and obtaining a prior written authorization
from T&D Operator's Protection Subdivision Head. T&D Operator shall procure that T&D Operator's
Protection Subdivision Head shalt provide such written authorization in a reasonable time upon receipt of
a request from Resource Provider, provided that Resource Provider has submitted all the required
documentation in a timely manner. Resource Provider shall bear all reasonable costs and expenses incurred
by T&D Operator in relation to any change to the relay settings requested by Resource Provider, including
the cost of any modifications to the Grid System involving replacement relays or upgrades.
-- End of Procedure IV. Communications Regarding the Grid System -
149
(1)

--- Page 157 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PROCEDURE V.MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT OF MTRS
1.0Objective
The following Procedure is intended to facilitate the communications between T&D Operator and Resource
Provider in relation to the management of the MTRs.
2.0Scope of Procedure
The scope of the Procedure describes the following.
 information requirements;
 monitoring and non-compliance management relating to the MTRs; and
 penalties calculation and application relating to the MTRs.
3.0Responsibilities
3.1Management of the MTRs: Resource Provider Contact
In relation to the management of the MTRs, the Resource Provider personnel will contact the following
T&D Operator personnel:
('omlrinIiticNamePhoneF -mail
T&D
Operator
T&D
Operator
Director Supply -
Side Contracts
Administration
Manager Energy
Management
Brian Walshe
SalvadorSerrano
Menendez
303-949-4646
787-521-5066
3.2Management of the MTRs: '1'&D Operator Contact
brian.walshe@lumapr.com
salvador.serrano@lumapr.com
In relation to the management of the MTRs, T&D Operator personnel will contact the following Resource
Provider personnel:
Company'Iitic\;uncPhoneP:ntail
Resource
Provider
Resource
Provider
Plant Manager
Operation Manager
150

--- Page 158 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
4.0Procedure
4.1Frequency Control and Regulation Requirement
4.1.1The following frequency response and regulation requirements and protocols apply to
the Facility:
The Resource Provider shall be responsible to ensure that the Facility is designed, constructed,
operated and maintained so that it is capable of complying with the following requirements relating
to frequency response and regulation:
a.The Facility shall comply with the frequency response (FR) in accordance with the MTRs. The
batteries and auxiliary systems shall be designed such that the frequency response function
shall not be limited by the charging and discharging process
b.The Facility shall be able to simultaneously comply with both the frequency response and
ramp up/down pre -selected configuration while the Facility is discharging or charging power
to/from the grid.
c.The Facility will be utilized to support the system during downward and upward frequency
events. The Facility will be used on a continuous basis for regulation against frequency
deviations. The regulation function shall be active as long as there is Energy available. During
periods of time where the amount of Stored Energy at the Facility is equal to the Maximum
Stored Energy, such that the Facility cannot absorb more Energy, the Facility will be utilized
to support the system during the upward frequency events.
d.The frequency response function shall be active at all times the Facility is discharging/charging
energy considering the minimum charge value of the Facility, and the Facility shall respond to
frequency deviations (movement) via frequency regulation as long as the frequency is beyond
the deadband defined by T&D Operator and in accordance with the MTRs.
e.The Facility will provide measurement information as described in Paragraph 4.1.2 of this
Procedure, including through the RTU, remaining equivalent energy of frequency function,
and the State of Charge. The Energy charging process shall not affect the ramp rate limit
requirement (configured by T&D Operator) or the frequency regulation of the grid and shall
not create charging cycles oscillations.
4.1.2The following frequency regulation and ramp rate configuration related measurement
requirements apply to the Facility:
The Resource Provider shall ensure that the Facility is capable of providing the following frequency
regulation and ramp rate configuration related measurement signals to T&D Operator:
a.AC power output of the Facility at the Interconnection Point;
b.AC power output of the Facility at the Facility collector substation;
c.total AC power output of the BESS's inverters;
d.the Facility's frequency response storage MW participation;
e.the State of Charge management MW participation;
151

--- Page 159 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
f.the frequency used for frequency response calculation;
g.the State of Charge of the Facility;
h.the BESS's enable status;
i,the BESS's limited status;
j.the State of Charge in the Facility for frequency regulation; and
k.any additional signal that may be requested by T&D Operator.
Resource Provider must ensure that these signals arc provided by the Facility to T&D Operator's
SCADA system with a sampling rate higher than two (2) seconds and so that such signals can be
stored by "1'&D Operator's SCADA system, with a standard sampling rate of two (2) seconds. These
signals shall also be available to the DSMs (please refer to the DSMs signal list) and will be used in
the following sections to monitor the frequency response and ramp rate limit (configured by T&D
Operator) requirements. More signals could be required depending in the specific Facility design,
and the final electrical one line diagram of the Facility shall be provided as soon as it is available.
For clarification, for purposes of compliance and monitoring of the technical requirements of the
Facility (including relating to dispatching and charging of the Facility), all physical measurements
will be made at the Facility and/or the Interconnection Point as necessary, which will be provided by
measurement equipment.
4.1.3Rapid Spinning Reserve and Fast Frequency Response:
T&D Operator shall monitor the rapid spinning reserve using data obtained from the DSM and
SCADA. T&D Operator shall evaluate parameters, including accuracy, response time, overshoot,
and active power contribution, based on parameters configurated by T&D Operator according to
T&D Operator MTRs. If the Facility is in violation of the MTRs, the MTRs non-compliance
management procedure will apply (see Paragraph 4.9 of this Procedure). In addition to regular
monitoring, T&D Operator may require the Resource Provider to conduct periodic tests to
demonstrate the Facility's compliance with specific voltage regulation system requirements.
4.2Frequency Response/Regulation Requirement Compliance Monitoring
Frequency response will be monitored on a daily basis, by the following procedure:
a.The required response of the Facility to frequency deviations will be computed based on the
frequency bias formula, with a 5% droop characteristic or other specified droop characteristic
between 1% and 5% in accordance with the MTRs:
fa = NCF/ (Droop% *f,,;) MW/Hz
where:
fi = Frequency bias in MW/Hz
NCF=D of the Facility in MW
Droop%= 5% in pu or other specified droop between 1% and 5%
152

--- Page 160 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
f = System nominal frequency = 60Hz
For example, for a Facility with a D"5e% of 20 MW:
fb = 20 / (.05.60) = 6.667 MW/Hz
b.The frequency response of the Facility shall always be in opposition to the direction of the
system frequency deviation.
fdev = absolute value (fsys - 60) in Hz
fsys = Actual system frequency in Hz
fdev = Frequency deviation from the nominal system frequency in Hz
c.The frequency bias will be applied to (multiplied by) the frequency deviation beyond the dead
band. This result (FRF) establishes the increase or decrease in active power required from the
Facility and measured at the Interconnection Point in response to the system frequency
deviation.
FRF - (Jb) (fdev -dband)
FR F= Frequency response of the Facility in MW (increase or decrease in active power
required in response to the system frequency deviation)
fdev = Frequency deviation from the system nominal frequency (in Hz) or the absolute
value of the difference between the actual system frequency and 60 Hz
dband = Dead band in Hz
fb = Frequency bias in MW/liz
d.For example, for a dead band of 0.01Hz and an increase in frequency deviation of 0.11 Hz, the
power output of a Facility with 20 MW Dp18X measured at the Interconnection Point is required
to decrease by 0.667MW. On the other hand, if the frequency decreases with a frequency
deviation of 0.31 Hz, a 2 MW increase in active power output measured at the Interconnection
Point is required.
The following chart illustrates graphically a representative performance of a Facility in the
context of the frequency response and regulation requirement. The dotted graph represents the
system frequency and the solid one represents the Facility's active power output as measured
at the Interconnection Point in response to the corresponding system frequency deviations:
153

--- Page 161 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
r
Frequency Response Monitoring
i'ti
,1R
4.3Configurable Ramp Rate Limit Requirement Compliance and Compliance Monitoring
T&D Operator will apply the following exceptions to the ramp rate limit:
a.the rates of change in active power, as measured at the Interconnection Point, caused by the
need to meet frequency response requirements will not be considered as non-compliance with
the ramp rate limit; and
b.the ramp rate limit will be monitored on a daily basis, independently of the frequency response,
and any marginal non-compliance will be disregarded, in accordance with the following
procedure:
The ramp in MW per scan of the Facility is defined as:
Pv=P, - Pf
Rs = IPv- Psl-LI
where:
Psf = present MW power output of the Facility measured at the Interconnection Point
with the frequency response MW participation removed;
Ps= present MW power output of the Facility measured at the Interconnection Point;
Pf= frequency response MW participation;
Rs = absolute value of ramp in MW per scan; and
Psf-1 MW power output of the Facility measured at the Interconnection Point, with
the frequency response storage MW participation removed, one (I) scan before, which
is two (2) seconds previous Psf.
The ramp rate for each scan will be calculated accordingly to the following formula, and expressed as a
percentage of the DO1BX per minute (30 scans):
Rs x30RR -
PF
-x100
154

--- Page 162 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
where:
RR= Ramp rate in % of D"'" per minute
Rs = Ramp in MW per Scan
PF= De' in MWAC
If the required ramp rate is ten percent (10%) (as an example), T&D Operator will apply an additional ten
percent (I 0%) tolerance to exclude scans which are marginally in non-compliance.
If the Facility is non -compliant with the MTRs, the MTRs non-compliance management procedure
(Paragraph 4.9 of this Procedure) will apply. 'I'&D Operator will base the proposed curtailment in
accordance with Paragraph 4.9 of this Procedure on the maximum insufficiency or worst scan during the
non-compliance event period.
4.4Voltage Ride Through (VRT) Requirement Compliance Monitoring
T&D Operator will monitor Voltage Ride Through (VRT) using parameters data obtained from the DSM
and SCADA. After system events or disturbances such as voltage events or faults, T&D Operator will
evaluate the performance of the Facility according to the MTRs. T&D Operator will use system and Facility
parameters data from the DSM and SCADA for the compliance evaluation. If T&D Operator determines
that the Facility is non -compliant, the MTRs non-compliance management procedures set out in Paragraph
4.9 of this Procedure will apply.
4.5Voltage Regulation/Control and Fast Dynamic Reactive Power Reserve Requirement
Compliance Monitoring
T&D Operator will monitor the Voltage Regulation System and Fast Dynamic Reactive Power Reserve
using parameters data obtained from the DSM and SCADA. 'I'&D Operator will evaluate parameters as
voltage regulation accuracy, VRS response time, overshoot, and reactive power contribution based on
voltage set point and voltage droop according to the MTRs. If T&D Operator determines that the Facility
is in violation of the MTRs, the MTRs non-compliance management procedures set out in Paragraph 4.9 of
this Procedure will apply. In addition to regular monitoring, T&D Operator may require Resource Provider
to perform periodic tests to evaluate compliance with specific voltage regulation system requirements.
4.6Reactive Power Capability and Minimum Power Factor Requirement Compliance Monitoring
T&D Operator will monitor the reactive power capability and minimum power factor requirement of the
Facility using parameters data obtained from the DSM and SCADA. Resource Provider shall ensure that
the reactive power capability of the Facility complies with the MTRs. If T&D Operator determines that the
Facility is in violation of the MTRs, the MTRs non-compliance management procedures set out in
Paragraph 4.9 of this Procedure will apply. In addition to regular monitoring, T&D Operator may require
Resource Provider to perform periodic tests to evaluate compliance with the reactive power capability and
minimum power factor requirement of the Facility.
4.7Frequency Ride Through (FRT) Requirement Compliance Monitoring
T&D Operator will monitor frequency ride through (FRT) using parameters data obtained from the DSM
and SCADA. T&D Operator will evaluate after system events or disturbances such as frequency events or
faults according to the MTRs. If the Facility is in violation of the MTRs, the MTRs non-compliance
management procedure set out in Paragraph 4.9 of this Procedure will apply.
155

--- Page 163 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LL.0
4.8Black Start Capability
T&D Operator will monitor and test the Black Start Capability of the Facility. T&D Operator will evaluate
the performance of the Facility according to the MTRs. If T&D Operator determines that the Facility is in
violation of the MTRs, the MTRs non-compliance management procedure set out in Paragraph 4.9 of this
Procedure will apply.
4.9MTRs Non -Compliance Management Procedure
a.In accordance with the Agreement, T&D Operator shall have no liability in connection with
any disconnection or curtailment of the Facility by T&D Operator resulting from any non-
compliance of the Facility with the MTRs (including any payment liability or liability in
respect of waiting time).
b.T&D Operator will monitor the performance of the Facility to verify its compliance with the
MTRs, in accordance with Paragraphs 4.1 to 4.8 of this Procedure.
c.If T&D Operator determines that the Facility is non -compliant with the M'IRs, T&D Operator
may curtail the Facility in such a scope and for such a duration as is consistent with Prudent
Utility Practices (the "Curtailment Level").
d.For MTRs non-compliance events that do not depend on the Facility's power output and for
which curtailment is not an effective remedy (such as, but not limited .o, frequency response,
voltage regulation, frequency ride through, voltage ride through or upward ramps, black start
capability, rapid spinning reserve), T&D Operator may disconnect the Facility or curtail the
Facility's active power output to zero (0) MW, in such a scope and for such a duration as is
consistent with Prudent Utility Practices.
e.Scheduled Deratings and Non -Scheduled Deratings may affect how the Facility responds to
the requirements specified in the MTRs. If a Scheduled Derating or a Non -Scheduled Derating
may affect compliance with the MTRs, Resource Provider shall ensure that the auto -
curtailment implementation of the Facility shall respond to this situation and Resource
Provider will indicate the level of curtailment, if any, expected to keep the Facility in full
compliance with the MTRs during the Scheduled Derating or the Non -Scheduled Derating in
the proforma submitted as a part of the proposed Scheduled Maintenance Program (Procedure
Ill, Appendix 111.1) and the proforma submitted as a part of the notice of Non -Scheduled
Derating. The curtailed level of capacity will replace the MCC for purposes of compliance
monitoring calculations of this Procedure for the duration of the capacity limitation.
f.The following procedure will apply for capacity non-compliance events:
f 1T&D Operator will provide to Resource Provider a written notification, via email, of
the MTRs non-compliance event or events, including the corresponding events data
and/or graphs, curtailment level, and non-compliance operational and/or test conditions
as follows:
156

--- Page 164 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
If the MTRs non-compliance event or events are severe, which means an event where
the curtailment levelis greater than ten percent (10%) of Dom`, or events where
curtailment level is less than or equal to ten percent (10%) of Dmbut occur daily for
two (2) consecutive days, then T&D Operator may apply a curtailment or disconnect
the Facility prior to the written notification, and T&D Operator will provide the verbal
notification as soon as practical.
Resource Provider will have forty -eighty (48) hours from receipt of T&D Operator's
written notification to review the notification and provide a written report to T&D
Operator via email that shall include the causes of the Facility non-compliance,
proposed corrective actions, and approximate time it will take to bring the Facility back
to a compliant state and submit the "MTRs Non-compliance Report". Should
Resource Provider reasonably require additional time to prepare the MTRs Non-
compliance Report, then Resource Provider shall notify T&D Operator within the initial
forty -eighty (48) hours of the need for an extension and T&D Operator may provide an
extension of up to ninety-six (96) additional hours to provide the written report. The
Parties acknowledge that for MTRs non-compliance events (as described above) T&D
Operator may apply a curtailment or disconnect the Facility prior to T&D Operator's
written notice or Resource Provider's preparation of the MTRs Non-compliance Report.
f.2If corrective actions are required, Resource Provider will perform the corrective actions,
and when completed will provide to T&D Operator a written report "MTRs Corrective
Action Report" indicating the corrective actions taken, including documentation
reasonably required to demonstrate the corrective actions were completed. If no
corrective actions are required, for example, due to an incorrect MTRs compliance
calculation, Resource Provider will indicate as such in the MTRs Non-compliance
Report including documentation reasonably required to support this position. If any
curtailment or disconnection had been previously applied for the non-compliance event,
T&D Operator shall fully lift the curtailment or disconnection as soon as practical, but
in the case that no corrective action is required, in no event more than one hundred and
twenty (120) hours from the receipt of the MTRs Corrective Action Report or the MTRs
Non-compliance Report.
f.3If corrective actions are taken, T&D Operator will monitor the Facility for a test period
that shall be sufficient to allow the Facility to be exposed to the non-compliance test
conditions after the corrective actions are completed. The test period will begin after
T&D Operator receipt and evaluation of the MTRs Corrective Action Report and will
end after the Facility is exposed to the non-compliance test conditions.
f.3.1if the Facility fails to comply with the previously failed MTRs under the non-
compliance test conditions, the Facility will be curtailed to the Curtailment
Level or disconnected. Resource Provider shall provide to T&D Operator a
further MTRs Non -compliance Report and procedures 4.9(f.2) through 4.9(f.3)
shall be repeated.
f.3.2If the Facility complies with the previously failed MTRs under the non-
compliance test conditions, regular monitoring shall resume.
lf, after additional corrective measures are taken, the Facility fails to comply
with the previously failed MTRs under the non-compliance test conditions one
(1) additional time consecutively (for a total of two (2) consecutive failures),
157

--- Page 165 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PREPA may file written notice of default pursuant to Section16.1(f)
(Definition)of the Agreement after the third (3rd) failure.
- End of Procedure V. Monitoring andEnforcement of MTRs -
158

--- Page 166 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PROCEDURE VI.EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS
1.0Objective
The following Procedure is intended to facilitate the communications between T&D Operator and Resource
Provider during Emergency situations.
2.0Scope of Procedure
The scope of the Procedure describes the following.
 a T&D Operator declared Emergency;
 a Resource Provider declared Emergency;
 guidelines for recovery from a widespread electrical blackout;
 loss of primary and secondary pilot protection at the Interconnection Facilities; and
 disturbance analysis reporting.
3.0Responsibilities
In accordance with Sections 6 (Operation of the Facility) and 7 (Dispatching & Charging Obligations) of
the Agreement, the Parties agree, for the purposes of emergency communications, that:
a.Resource Provider's personnel will contact the following ECC personnel:
('ompanNTitleNameI'huuC
T&D
Operator
Principal Shift
EngineerOn shift
T&D
Operator
Generation Shift
EngineerOn shift
787-521-5066
787-521-5064
b.T&D Operator Dispatch Center will contact the following Resource Provider's personnel
((unpanI illctiaincPhonic
Resource
Provider
(primary
contact
Resource
Provider
(secondary
contact
Plant Manager
Operation
Manager
159

--- Page 167 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement-PREPAandCLEAN FLEXIBLEENERGYLLC
4.0Procedure
4.1T&D Operator Declared Emergency
a.Consistent with Section 6.5 (Emergencies) of the Agreement, if an Emergency is declared by
T&D Operator, T&D Operator's Shift Engineers will take exclusive control of dispatching or
charging the Facility for the duration of such Emergency and then shall notify Resource
Provider's personnel. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, '1'&D Operator's
control centers may require Resource Provider's personnel to delay synchronization or raise
or lower dispatch of electricity from the Facility to maintain safe and reliable load levels and
voltages on the Grid System, which shall in all cases be in accordance with the Facility design,
relevant Facility permits and Prudent Utility Practices.
b.T&D Operator will maintain the record for such an Emergency.
c.T&D Operator shall, as soon as practicable after the occurrence of the Emergency, submit to
Resource Provider a report describing the causes for such action.
4.2Resource Provider Declared Emergency
If, for the safeguarding of equipment, plant and/or personnel Resource Provider needs to take equipment
and/or plant out of service immediately resulting in a reduction in the discharging or charging of the Facility
or an Outage, Resource Provider shall notify the T&D Operator Shift Engineers as soon as possible (prior
to the event if possible). Resource Provider shall use best efforts to maintain the net electrical output or
charging capabilities of the Facility during such situations but in all cases shall keep T&D Operator
informed as to the status of the Emergency. Resource Provider shall, as soon as practicable after the
occurrence of the Emergency, submit to T&D Operator a report for the causes for such action.
4.3Procedures for Recovery from a Local or Widespread Electrical Blackout
a.After a system blackout, which results in a disconnection of the Facility, T&D Operator shall
inform Resource Provider with a work order when it can synchronize back to the Grid System,
in the manner described in Procedure I.
b.After a system disturbance, resulting in a temporary outage at the Interconnection Point, T&D
Operator shall inform Resource Provider with a work order when it can synchronize back to
the Grid Systcm, in the manner described in Procedure 1.
4.4Procedure for Recovery from Force Majeure
a.After an event or circumstance of Force Majeure, which results in a shutdown or disconnection
of the Facility, T&D Operator may request Resource Provider to provide a technical
assessment of the condition of the Facility to interconnect with the Grid System. Resource
Provider must include in this technical assessment the findings of the visual inspections,
damages, and their respective corrective actions, as well as the electrical testing of the Facility
and its equipment as recommended by the manufacturers if requested by T&D Operator.
Resource Provider shall submit all this information to T&D Operator for T&D Operator's
160

--- Page 168 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
evaluation prior to any interconnection authorization of the Facility or notification of
availability of the Facility to resuming discharging or charging activities.
b.As soon as practicable after receipt of the information provided by Resource Provider, T&D
Operator will authorize the interconnection of the Facility, provided that it is reasonable and
safe to do so in accordance with Prudent Utility Practices.
4.5Interconnection Facilities Loss of Primary and Secondary Protection
Whenever Resource Provider or T&D Operator determines that both primary and secondary pilot
protections between the Facility and the Interconnection Point are not operating, the Facility may be
disconnected. Resource Provider and T&D Operator shall coordinate promptly and prudently to restore
primary and secondary pilot protections in accordance with Prudent Utility Practices. When at least one (1)
of either primary or secondary pilot protection has been restored, the Facility will be reconnected in the
manner described in Procedure I. Resource Provider is responsible for both, primary and secondary pilot
protections, therefore T&D Operator shall not have any liability for this disconnection of the Facility.
4.6Disturbance Analysis Reporting
a.When an internal incident occurs inside the Facility, including its connection appurtenances,
which results in any consequence or disturbance to the Grid System, Resource Provider will
provide T&D Operator with verbal details, via phone, of the cause of the event determined
from the relay panel (if applicable) within approximately two (2) hours of the start of the event.
A disturbance analysis report shall be submitted, via email, by Resource Provider to T&D
Operator within twenty-four (24) hours of the aforesaid incident, and if applicable, the report
shall include a copy of the sequence of events report downloaded from the relays. Resource
Provider shall submit the report using the form set out in Appendix VI.1 of this Procedure.
During the next forty-eight (48) hours after the incident occurs, Resource Provider shall make
all reasonable efforts to submit a final report including all details of such mentioned incident
in a written letter to the T&D Operator I lead of the Electric System Operation Division.
b.If the internal disturbance at the Facility results in a discharging loss deviating the grid system
frequency by 0.3Hz or more, the requested report shall include the magnitude of the lost
discharging, the mechanical or electronical consequences of the abnormal situation, the
general findings and the corrective measures taken arising from the incident.
e.If the disturbance results in a forced disconnection of the Facility by T&D Operator from the
Grid System, or an accident or any undesired or unexpected result is reflected in the Grid
System, Resource Provider's personnel shall analyze the event and submit to T&D Operator a
report in respect of such disturbance. The report shall include, but not be limited to, the
sequence of the detected events, the interconnection devices operated, all the protections
activated (correctly or not) and the consequences arising from the incident.
161

--- Page 169 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX VI.1DISTURBANCE ANALYSIS REPORT
The disturbance analysis report shall be used as the basis for reporting disturbances to the Grid System
caused by an incident internal to Resource Provider's Facility, as outlined in Paragraph 4.6 of this
Procedure.
Resource Provider will obtain and retain any additional data required to support the analysis of the system
disturbance by Resource Provider for possible future discussions with 'I'&D Operator.
Incident Reference Number
Date of Incident
Time of Incident
Plant Involved in Incident
Pre-lncidcnt Detailsti,,lrrlI rrvurncyticlem\'nllav,cPlantI.ual
Post -Incident DetailsSystem I'rcqucncySystem VullalzcPlant I.n:iil
Details of Incident
Relays Operated
Alarms Initiated
162

--- Page 170 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX V1.1DISTURBANCE ANALYSIS REPORT
Cause of Incident
Consequences
Corrective Measures
Report Submitted By
Report Submitted Date:Time
Additional information to be attached to report as necessa?y.
- End of Procedure VI. Emergency Communications -
I 63

--- Page 171 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
PROCEDURE VII.GENERAL COMMUNICATIONS
Date: MM/DD/YYYY
Rev: X
1.0Objective
This procedure is intended to facilitate the communications between T&D Operator and Resource Provider
pursuant to Section 20 (Notices) of the Agreement.
2.0Method of Day -to -Day Communications
2.1Written Communications
All written correspondence shall be sent by email or mail depending upon the urgency of the
communication.
2.2Oral Communications
Day-to-day communications will be mainly done by the use of land line phone or cell phone.
2.3Meetings
Either party can request a meeting at any time considered necessary, to discuss any topic related, among
others, to Resource Provider's operations, the Grid System, and accounting issues. Meeting dates, times,
and places will be arranged by both Parties.Party requestingshould provideadvance an
agenda of the proposed meeting, responsible for preparing and distributing the meeting notes, and keeping
track of any action/open items resulting from the meeting.
- End of Procedure VII. General Communications -
164

--- Page 172 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX M
TESTING PROTOCOL
I.GENERAL
This Testing Protocol sets out:
 the testing requirements and acceptance criteria for carrying out the Performance Tests for the
Facility;
 the requirements for annual and return to service tests for the Facility; and
 the requirements for factory acceptance tests.
Resource Provider shall (i) perform all tests in accordance with this Testing Protocol, utilizing plant
personnel qualified to perform the required testing, (ii) review the results of the tests to confirm whether
the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities or remainder of the Facility, as applicable, pass(es) the
applicable test, and (iii) provide the results to T&D Operator for review and acceptance.
Resource Provider shall ensure that all tests are performed in a grid -tied configuration and that the
equipment configuration during testing is managed in the same way as is expected during commercial
operations. Resource Provider shall monitor the Facility using internal instrument transformers, external
instrument transformers, and metering functionalities to monitor and record voltages, currents, power
disturbances, etc.
In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this Testing Protocol and the Agreement,
the terms and conditions of the Agreement shall prevail. Resource Provider acknowledges and agrees that
(i) its compliance with this Testing Protocol does not relieve Resource Provider from any liability that it
has under the Agreement, and (ii) PRF.PA shall not be liable to Resource Provider or any other Person by
reason of its review or approval of this Testing Protocol and/or the Testing Plan (as defined in Paragraph
1.2 of this Testing Protocol).
II.PERFORMANCE TESTS
1.0Objective and procedures
1.1Objective
The objective of the Performance Tests is to verify that (i) the Facility can accept Charge Energy and deliver
Discharge Energy and Ancillary Services at the Interconnection Point in accordance with the Operating
Characteristics, (ii) the Facility meets the Performance Guarantees, and (iii) the Facility complies with each
of the Other Minimum Acceptance Criteria.
1.2Procedures
Resource Provider shall prepare and provide to T&D Operator a draft testing plan for the Performance
Tests, including detailed test procedures and the methodology to meet the required testing, for T&D
Operator's review no later than one hundred and eighty (180) Days prior to the Initial Synchronization
Date. T&D Operator and Resource Provider shall mutually agree to any adjustments or additions to the
draft testing plan for the Performance Tests taking into consideration Prudent Utility Practices and any
applicable manufacturer's recommendations, and shall otherwise cooperate to finalize the testing plan for
165

--- Page 173 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
the Performance Tests within ninety (90) Days after T&D Operator receives the draft performance testing
plan from Resource Provider (such finalized testing plan being the "Testing Plan").
T&D Operator's approval of the Testing Plan shall not make T&D Operator responsible in any way for any
damage to the Facility resulting from the performance by Resource Provider of any Performance Tests in
accordance with the Testing Plan.
13Timing for conduct of Performance Tests
1.3.1 Prior to the Commercial Operation date
Resource Provider shall schedule and complete all required Performance Tests for the Facility.
Resource Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts to undertake such activities in sufficient
time to achieve the Commercial Operation Date by the Guaranteed Commercial Operation Date and
T&D Operator will reasonably cooperate with Resource Provider to meet such deadline.
Resource Provider shall provide T&D Operator reasonable prior notice (and, in any event, at least
thirty (30) Days before) of Resource Provider's testing schedule to complete the Performance Tests
and shall allow T&D Operator representatives to witness all Performance Tests. Resource Provider
shall coordinate with T&D Operator to determine the desired start date for the Performance Tests
and to ensure that the performance of the Performance Tests does not interfere with the Grid System.
Resource Provider shall perform the Performance Tests under this Testing Protocol in accordance
with the Testing Plan and shall demonstrate that the Facility meets the MTRs during such testing.
1.3.2 After the Commercial Operation Date
After the Commercial Operation Date:
a.during each Agreement Year of the Supply Period, PREPA may request Resource Provider to
perform up to six (6) PREPA Performance Tests in accordance with Section 6.9(a) (Supply
Period Performance Tests); and
b.Resource Provider may request to perform an additional Performance Test in accordance with
Scction 6.9(d) (Supply Period Performance Tests) of the Agreement.
1.4Testing of the Interconnection Facilities
In respect of the commissioning and testing of the Interconnection Facilities:
a.T&D Operator shall test and commission the PREPA Interconnection Facilities in accordance
with a separate testing and commissioning agreement to be entered into between T&D
Operator and Resource Provider; and
b.Resource Provider shall test and commission the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities
in accordance with Paragraph 2 of this Testing Protocol.
166

--- Page 174 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
2.0Performance Tests
2.1Overview
Prior to commencing any Performance Tests and prior to connection to the Interconnection Point, Resource
Provider shall provide to T&D Operator a pre -inspection checklist that includes but is not limited to the
following:
a.A requirement for all personnel to wear proper Personnel Protective Equipment (PPE) at all
times during any testing or while on site at the Facility. The PPE requirements shall be based
on the latest ARC flash study.
b.Verification that all protection equipment, controls, and relaying are loaded with proper
settings.
c.Verification of proper stenciling of equipment as compared to IFC schematics and wiring
diagrams.
d.Verification that safety grounds have been removed prior to energization.
e.Confirmation that a safety walkdown and job brief has been performed.
The Performance Tests include but are not limited to the following:
2.1.1Voltage Regulation System (VRS) Tests
Resource Provider shall test and verify that the Facility complies with the VRS requirements in the
M'I'Rs as follows:
a.Resource Provider shall test the steady state voltage regulation accuracy of +/- 0.5% of the
controlled voltage at the Interconnection Point at zero percent (0%) voltage droop and at
twenty percent (20%) of the maximum AC active power capacity.
b.Resource Provider shall test the Facility VRS time response with an output power of one
hundred percent (100%) or lower of the maximum AC active power capacity.Resource
Provider shall calibrate the VRS such that a change in reactive power will achieve ninety-five
percent (95%) of its final value no later than one (1) second following a step change in voltage.
For the purposes of this test, the time response means the period from the time that the
reference voltage set point is received at the plant controller until the reactive power generated
by the Facility at the Interconnection Point reaches ninety-five percent (95%) of its final value.
Resource Provider shall test the time response of the Facility VRS by changing the reference
voltage at the plant controller.Resource Provider shall perform changes to the reference
voltage at two (2) levels of generation, high (>85% of the AC contracted capacity measured at
the Interconnection Point) and low (< 30% of the AC contracted capacity measured at the
Interconnection Point). The reference voltage changes tested shall include at least:
b.11.05 pu to 0.95 pu
b.20.95 pu to 1.05 pu
b.3Neutral Reactive Power Bus Voltage (NBV) to NBV + (0.5% or 1%)
b.4Neutral Reactive Power Bus Voltage (NBV) to NBV - (0.5% or 1%)
167

--- Page 175 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
The neutral reactive power bus voltage (NBV) is defined as the voltage at the Interconnection
Point when the Facility is connected to the Grid System, energized, but not generating reactive
power. Resource Provider shall define the voltage for each of the two (2) levels of generation
described above and shall coordinated and agree on the proposed voltage with T&D Operator.
Resource Provider shall perform the abovementioned reference voltage changes with at least
the following voltage droops and taking into account the two (2) generation levels (low and
high): 0%, 1%, 2.5%, 5%, 7.5% and 10%.
c.'l'he evaluation criteria for the VRS tests are:
c.lVoltage error less than 0.5% of theset pointat the Interconnection Point for voltage
droop of 0%.
c.2VRS time response less than or equal toI second for all cases.
c.3Voltage overshoot lower than 1% of final voltage at the Interconnection Point for all
cases.
c.4VRS deadband does not exceed 0.1%.
VRS comparative droop results shall be presented as follows:
c.5a comparative graph of the voltage at the Interconnection Point for all the droop cases
versus the same reference voltage change; and
c.6a comparative graph of the reactive power response at the Interconnection Point for all
the droop cases versus the same reference voltage change.
2.1.2Reactive Power Capability & Minimum Power Factor Requirements Tests
Resource Provider shall test and verify that the Facility complies with the Reactive Power Capability
and Minimum Power Factor requirements in the MTRs. Resource Provider shall perform the
Reactive Power Capability and Minimum Power Factor Requirement test at a power output of less
than or equal to one hundred percent (100%).Resource Provider shall test the reactive power
capability of the Facility to establish that the Facility complies with the reactive power capability
curve described and required in the MTRs. The total power factor range shall be from 0.85 lagging
to 0.85 leading at the Interconnection Point. The +1- 0.85 power factor range should be dynamic and
continuous at the Interconnection Point and throughout the voltage regulation range. During the test,
Resource Provider shall configure the Facility to import or export the required reactive power per the
reactive power capability curve in the MTRs. The active power output range of the Facility for this
test shall cover twenty percent (20%) to one hundred percent (100%) of the maximum AC active
power capacity.
168
c

--- Page 176 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
2.1.3Frequency Response and Regulation Tests
Resource Provider shall demonstrate the capability of the Facility to comply with the MTRs for
frequency response and regulation as follows.
a.Resource Provider shall evaluate the frequency response of the Facility at the Interconnection
Point. Resource Provider shall perform part of the frequency response (FR) tests at twenty
percent (20%) output power. These tests shall include at least two (2) frequency change rate
profiles, one (I) profile with a change rate of 10 Hz/min and the other of 1 Hzlmin. Both
profiles shall include a complete frequency scan that cover under and over frequencies from a
minimum of 59.5 Hz to a maximum of 60.5 Hz. Resource Provider may obtain these profiles
by simulating the grid frequency in the Facility's frequency control. Resource Provider shall
ensure that the Facility's frequency control shall command the corresponding power output
based in the configured frequency response droop and taking into account the frequency dead
band. The frequency response of the Facility should start after the dead band. Resource
Provider shall calculate the magnitude value of the frequency response based on Appendix L
(Operating Procedures). Resource Provider shall not base the value of the response solely on
the difference between 60 Hz and the frequency deviation, to avoid a jump or discontinuity in
the response. If the full magnitude of the frequency response is required, the time response
shall be less than one (1) second. The frequency response tests of the Facility must include
two (2) plant active power output levels. The active power output levels must be above ninety
percent (90%) and below twenty percent (20%) of the maximum AC active power capacity.
Resource Provider shall perform these in the following stages: (1) ramp rate control activated;
and (2) ramp rate control deactivated. Resource Provider shall demonstrate that the Facility
can meet the frequency response requirement indcpcndcntly of the ramp rate control
requirement (decoupled). Resource Provider shall conduct a complete test for a two (2) Days
period where the frequency response of the Facility is evaluated due to actual grid frequency
variations.
b.Resource Provider shall test the Facility to ensure that it is capable of frequency response with
the specified three percent (3%) to five percent (5%) droop range, and the control is
configurable from three percent (3%) to five percent (5%) in steps of zero point five percent
(0.5%), over the operational range of ten percent (10%) to one hundred and ten percent (110%)
of the maximum AC active power capacity.
c.Resource Provider shall demonstrate the capability of the Facility to assume responsibility for
upward frequency events.
2.1.4Ramp Rate Control Tests
Resource Provider shall demonstrate the functional capability of the Facility to comply with the
MTRs with respect to ramp rate control (RRC) as follows:
a.Resource Provider shall demonstrate the Facility's capability to comply with the AC
contracted capacity for at least one (1) minute.
b.Resource Provider shall demonstrate the Facility's capability to comply with the ramp rate
control requirement while it is connected to the grid. This testing shall be for a period of four
(4) Days if during this period of time at least five (5) ramp events result in a power drop greater
than thirty percent (30%) of the maximum AC active power capacity in less than one (I)
minute. During two (2) of these four (4) Days during the test period, Resource Provider shall
169

--- Page 177 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
enable the frequency response control to verify that the Facility can comply simultaneously
with both requirements without any interference. Resource Provider shall decouple the Ramp
Rate Control and the Frequency Response Control, continuously in operation and Resource
Provider shall demonstrate that the Facility shall be able to comply simultaneously with both
requirements. If during the four (4) Days test period the Facility required five (5) ramp events
do not occur, the test will be extended for the number of Days necessary until all five (5) ramp
events have occurred, provided that if the five (5) ramp events do not occur, but the evaluation
during the testing period demonstrates that the Facility is in compliance with the ramp rate
control requirement presented in the MTRs for a period of ten (10) consecutive Days, then the
Facility's compliance with the Ramp Rate Control requirement will be deemed to be achieved.
Resource Provider shall perform this part of the Ramp Rate Control test with an output power
of one hundred percent (100%), and shall also perform a two (2) Day period of similar tests
with an output power of fifty percent (50%) of the of the maximum AC active power capacity.
2.1.5Curtailment Test
Resource Provider shall perform active power curtailment tests demonstrating the capability of the
Facility to respond to curtailment signals from T&D Operator in compliance with the MTRs and
shall ensure that the Facility plant controller accepts external active power setpoints from T&D
Operator. T&D Operator shall use two (2) types of curtailment commands, direct active power set
value (MW) and percentage (%) value, and at least the following curtailment percentage values (and
the analog MW direct values): 20%, 40%, 60% and 80%. Resource Provider shall coordinate with
T&D Operator for the performance of this test. Resource Provider shall perform this test with an
output power at or near one hundred percent (100%) of the maximum AC active power capacity.
2.1.6Auto -Curtailment Test
Resource Provider shall submit a complete and detailed description of the auto -curtailment strategy
to be implemented in the Facility to T&D Operator for evaluation at least one hundred and twenty
(120) Days before the beginning of the test. Resource Provider shall test and verify the auto -
curtailment strategy implemented in the Facility.As a minimum, the conditions to apply
auto -curtailment specified in the MTRs shall be tested.The test results documentation shall be
submitted by Resource Provider to T&D Operator for evaluation. Resource Provider shall perform
the auto -curtailment tests in the Facility with output power of I 00% of the maximum AC active
power capacity.
2.1.7Power Quality Test
Resource Provider shall test and analyze the power quality at the Interconnection Point. At a
minimum, Resource Provider shall evaluate the parameters at the Interconnection Point according to
the applicable standards as specified in the MTRs: total harmonic distortion (voltage and current
measurements for each phase), total demand distortion (current and voltage measurements for each
phase), individual harmonic distortion (voltage and current measurements), individual demand
distortion (voltage and current measurements), voltage flicker in the short term, voltage flicker in the
long term, and voltage and current unbalance (%). Resource Provider shall perform the power quality
tests with an output power of one hundred percent (100%) of the maximum AC active power
capacity.
170

--- Page 178 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
2.1.8Power Management Test
Resource Provider shall test the communication technology and the corresponding control equipment
to comply with the power management requirements (ramp rate limits, output limits, curtailment) as
established in the MTRs and to demonstrate that all components and sub -components are operating
in harmony. Resource Provider shall verify the communication system is sending and receiving data
with T&D Operator Operations Control Center as intended. Resource Provider shall evaluate the
baseline measurements (voltage, current, temperature, frequency, energy storage capacity, charge
time, discharge time) and power management requirements and check for anomalies. Resource
Provider shall implement, verify and test any special protection schemes established by T&D
Operator for power management.
2.1.9System Startup Test
a.The objective of the system start-up test is to demonstrate the start sequence of all Power Units
(PU).
b.Resource Provider shall perform the system start-up test on each individual PU until the overall
BESS is started. A PU is a combination of a single Power Conversion System (PCS) with
associated battery and control system. The PCS is a bi-directional grid connected power
converter and includes the inverter and the step-up transformer.
c.To perform the system start-up test, Resource Provider shall:
c.lverify on the Human Machine Interface (HMI) that all the PCS inverters' s AC output
terminals are energized, and the voltage values are per the nameplate. (e.g. 480 V AC);
c.2verify on the HMI that all the PCS inverter's DC input terminals are energized, and
voltage values are per technical specifications (e.g. 845-1096 V DC) depending on
battery State of Charge;
c.3verify that all PCS Operational State are "Off", as read on the HMI;
c.4from the central BESS control (site plant controller) or local PCS controller (as
applicable), set zcro (0) real / reactive power setpoints and send a "Start/Run" command
to start each PCS and the overall site BESS; and
c.5verify that all PCS's start with no errors as appropriately demonstrated on the HMI.
NOTE: A Human Machine Interface (HMI) is used to visualize the system performance, status
and can be used as the Graphic User Interface (GUI) to send control commands.
2.1.10 System Shutdown Test
a.The objective of the system shutdown test is to demonstrate the shutdown sequence.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the system shut -down test on each individual PU and the
overall BESS.
c.To perform the system shut -down test, Resource Provider shall:
c.1verify all PUs are running as appropriately demonstrated on the HMI;
171

--- Page 179 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
c.2initiate the stop or shutdown function from the central BESS control (site plant
controller) or local PCS controller (as applicable) and observe that all PU performs the
shutdown with no errors; and
c.3verify all PUs shall be in "Stop/Off/Offline" state on the HMI.
2.1.11 Emergency Shutdown and Restart Test
a.The objective of the emergency shutdown and restart test is to demonstrate the emergency
shutdown and restart sequence.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the emergency shutdown and restart test on each individual
PU and the overall BESS.
c.To perform the emergency shutdown and restart test, Resource Provider shall:
e.lverify each PU is running as appropriately demonstrated on the HMI;
c.2stop the PU by pushing the emergency stop button;
c.3verify the PU stops immediately, and the PU main AC and DC contactors are opened,
all PU are in a fault state as demonstrated on the HMI;
c.4verify that the system has stopped;
c.5manually reset stop button(s) and reset the system fault from the HMI;
c.6start the PU and verify that that all PCS's start with no errors as appropriately
demonstrated on the HMI; and
c.7repeat the test for the overall BESS with an emergency stop command/button from the
BESS control (site plant controller).
2.1.12Battery Metering and Monitoring System Verification
a.The objective of the battery metering and monitoring system verification ís to verify metering
and monitoring system on BESS Graphical Web User Interface.
b.Resource Provider shall perform battery metering and monitoring system verification on each
individual PU and the overall BESS.
c.To perform the battery metering and monitoring system verification, Resource Provider shall:
c.lverify battery current readings are present and refreshing on the HMI; and
c.2verify battery temperatures readings are present and refreshing on the HMI.
172

--- Page 180 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
2.1.13 Battery Enclosure Unit Smoke Detection Test
a.Resource Provider shall demonstrate that the smoke detection circuit operates correctly and
shuts down the PCS units when smoke is introduced in the enclosure.During this test,
Resource Provider will ensure that if there is any fire suppression agent, it will not be activated
during the test and will be temporarily disconnected from the firing pin assembly. After the
test, Resource Provider will ensure that the fire suppression agent tank is reconnected for
normal operations.
b.Resource Provider shall propose the detailed procedures for this test in the draft testing plan
to be delivered in accordance with Paragraph 1.2 of this Testing Protocol.
2.1.14 Remote Power Setpoint Tracking
a.The objective of the remote power setpoint tracking test is to demonstrate the capability of the
BESS to follow remote active and reactive power setpoints from the central BESS control (site
plant controller).
b.Resource Provider shall perform the remote power setpoint tracking test for the overall BESS.
c.To perform the remote power setpoint tracking test, Resource Provider shall:
c.lverify the BESS is running as demonstrated in the HMI with a "Run/On" status;
c.2set the central control system state to manual mode via user interface;
c.3send active power command values +/-I00%, +/-50%, +/-25%, 0% of the nameplate
MW to manual active power input;
c.4write reactive power values -+/-100%, +/-50%, +1-25%, 0% of the nameplate MVAR to
manual reactive power input; and
c.5record power levels as measured by reference meter and displayed on the HMI.
2.1.15 Discharge Capacity Test
a.The objective of the discharge capacity test is to demonstrate the BESS discharge capacity.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the discharge capacity test for the overall BESS to
demonstrate that the BESS is able to achieve positive fifty percent (50%) of the BESS's
nameplate active power (e.g. +50 MW out of 100 MW) of positive output within one (1)
second and hold for ten (10) minutes (this capability is representative of the maximum active
power levels).
c.To perform the discharge capacity test, Resource Provider shall:
c.lensure that the BESS starting state shall be in the on-line state with each battery
subsystem at approximately fifty percent (50%) usable SOC and at an initial active
power level of zero (0) MW and reactive power level of zero (0) MVAR;
c.2record the BESS active power level at the Interconnection Point;
173

--- Page 181 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PR EPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
c.3command the BESS to follow a positive fifty percent (50%) of nameplate MW (e.g. +50
MW) SCADA signal and provide an active power profile;
c.4record and store the BESS active power response, ensuring that all measurements are
made at the same meter and by the BESS control system with a recording in the BESS
historian (if applicable);
c.5ensure that the BESS system end state shall be in the on-line state and at a commanded
active power level of zero (0) MW; and
c.6demonstrate that the difference between the BESS active power response and the
commanded level is no less than ±3% as measured by the sum of values at the meter,
the time to full output is one (I) second or less, and the hold period of such active power
value is no less than ten (10) minutes as recorded in the BESS control system historian.
2.1.16 Maximum Capacity Test
a.The objective of the maximum capacity test is to demonstrate the maximum quantity of steady-
state power capacity (in MW) that the BESS can continuously deliver.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the discharge capacity test for the overall BESS to
demonstrate that the BESS can continuously deliver D"".
e.Resource Provider shall perform the maximum capacity test as follow:
c.1discharge the BESS at D
c.2continue the discharge operation to reduce the State of Charge from one hundred percent
(100%) to zero percent (0%); and
c.3record the BESS active power level at the Interconnection Point for the duration of the
maximum capacity test.
2.1.17 Design Discharge Duration Test
a.The objective of the Design Discharge Duration test is to demonstrate the period of time that
the Facility can deliver Discharge Energy at D"°"
b.Resource Provider shall perform the Design Discharge Duration test to demonstrate that the
period of time that the Facility can deliver Discharge Energy al D"' is equal to or greater than
the Design Discharge Duration.
c.To perform the Design Discharge Duration test, Resource Provider shall record the period of
time required by Resource Provider to reduce the State of Charge of the BESS from one
hundred percent (100%) to zero percent (0%) when discharging at D"'".
2.1.18 Discharge Energy Test
a.The objective of the Discharge Energy test is to demonstrate the quantity (expressed in MWh)
of Discharge Energy that the Facility discharges when discharging at D`"" over the Design
D°w Duration following charging starting at zero percent (0%) State of Charge.
174

--- Page 182 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
b.Resource Provider shall perform the Discharge Energy test to demonstrate that the Tested
Duration Energy is equal to or exceeds the Degraded Duration Energy.
c.To perform the Discharge Energy test, Resource Provider shall:
c. Icommand the BESS to charge from zero percent (0%) State of Charge to one hundred
percent (100%) State of Charge over the Design Charge Duration;
c.2command the BESS to discharge Discharge Energy at Tr' for the Design Discharge
Duration until the BESS reaches zero percent (0%) State of Charge; and
c.3record the quantity (expressed in MWh) of Discharge Energy that the BESS makes
available when discharging at D"` over the Design Discharge Duration following
charging from zero percent (0%) State of Charge to one hundred percent (100%) State
of Charge.
2.1.19 Charge Capacity Test
a.The objective of the charge capacity test is to demonstrate the BESS charge capacity.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the charge capacity test to demonstrate that the Facility is
able achieve negative fifty percent (50%) of the BESS's nameplate active power (e.g. -50 MW
out of 100 MW) of output within one (1) second and hold for ten (10) minutes (this capability
is representative of the maximum active power levels).
c.To perform the charge capacity test, Resource Provider shall:
c.1ensure that the BESS system starting state shall be in the on-line state with each battery
subsystem at approximately fifty (50%) usable SOC and at an initial active power level
of zero (0) MW and reactive power level of zero (0) MVAR;
c.2record the BESS active power level at the Interconnection Point;
c.3command the BESS to follow a negative fifty (50%) of nameplate MW (e.g. -50 MW)
SCADA signal and provide an active power profile;
c.4record and store the BESS active power response, ensuring that measurements are made
at the same meter and by the BESS control system with a recording in the BESS
historian (if applicable);
c.5ensure that the BESS system end state shall be in the on-line state and at a commanded
active power level of zero (0) MW;
c.6demonstrate that the difference between the BESS active power response and the
commanded level is no less than k3% as measured at the meter, the time to full output
is one (1) second or less, and the hold period of such active power value is no less than
ten (10) minutes as recorded in the BESS control system historian.
175
(15

--- Page 183 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
2.1.20 Charge Duration Test
a.The objective of the Charge Duration test is to demonstrate the period of time required by
Resource Provider to increase the State of Charge of the BESS from zero percent (0%) to one
hundred percent (100%) when charging at C.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the Charge Duration test to demonstrate that the period of
time required by Resource Provider to increase the State of Charge of the BESS from zero
percent (0%) to one hundred percent (100%) when charging at C°'' is equal to or less than the
Design Charge Duration.
c.To perform the Charge Duration test, Resource Provider shall:
c.lcommand the BESS to charge from zero percent (0%) State of Charge to one hundred
percent (100%) State of Charge; and
c.2record the period of time required to increase the State of Charge of the BESS from zero
percent (0%) to one hundred percent (100%) when charging at the maximum charging
capacity of the Facility.
2.1.21Reactive Power Test
aThe objective of the reactive power test is to demonstrate the BESS reactive power production
capability at the system starting state and to document the status at the end state.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the reactive power test.
c.To perform the reactive power test, Resource Provider shall:
c.1ensure that the BESS starting state shall be in the on-line state with each battery system
at approximately fifty percent (50%) usable SOC and at an initial active power level of
zero (0) MW and reactive power level of zero (0) MVAR;
c.2ensure that the BESS control system is configured to follow a predefined reactive power
profile as indicated in (c) though (f) below;
c.3command the BESS to follow >20% MVAR absorbing for ten (10) minutes;
c.4command the BESS to follow >20% MVAR injecting for ten (10) minutes;
c.5record and store the BESS reactive power response, ensuring that measurements are
made at the same meter and by the BESS control system with recording in the BESS
historian;
c.6demonstrate that the BESS reactive power response and the commanded level is within
13% as measured by the sum of values at the meter, the time to full output is one (1)
second or less, and the hold period of such reactive power value is no less than ten (10)
minutes as recorded in the BESS control system historian;
c.7ensure that the BESS end state shall be in the on-line state and at a commanded reactive
power level of zero (0) MVAR; and
176

--- Page 184 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
c.8record the BESS reactive power level at the Interconnection Point.
2.1.22 Round -Trip Efficiency and Energy Test
a.The objective of the round trip efficiency and energy test is to demonstrate the BESS installed
energy and installed round-trip efficiency.
b.Resource Provider shall perform the round trip efficiency and energy test.
c.Resource Provider shall operate the BESS in both the charge and discharge directions in the
following order:
c.1Set each battery subsystem to three percent (3%) SOC.
c.2Allow each battery subsystem to enter background cell balancing mode by maintaining
a SOC of three percent (3%) for twenty (20) minutes. After the background cell
balancing mode begins the system can be operated as normal. Allow the cell balancing
function to operate in the background for at least twenty-four (24) hours to allow the
automatic cell balancing procedure to reach completion. This time may be reduced
based on the suppliers' recommendations.
c.3Discharge each battery subsystem to zero percent (0%) SOC.
c.4Immediately perform the round-trip efficiency and capacity test set forth below.
c.5To be valid, the test must be started within twenty-four (24) hours of the end of the
period (greater than four (4) Days) during which cell balancing was completed. For the
duration of the test, Resource Provider shall configure the control system to have the
power limiting mechanisms disabled and shall configure each battery subsystem to
follow the charge and discharge current limits specified by their respective Battery
Management System (BMS).
d.To perform the round trip efficiency and energy test, Resource Provider shall:
d. Iensure that the BESS is in the on-line state with each battery Subsystem at zero percent
(0%) SOC;
d.2verify that in the previous twenty-four (24) hour period, each battery subsystem
completed the cell balancing procedure allowing full cell balancing to occur, as
described item C above;
d.3verify that ambient temperature measurements at all battery subsystems are between the
recommended temperatures by the supplier throughout this test (e.g. 18 °C and 28 °C);
d.4record initial values of each battery subsystem SOC;
d.5command a real power charge that results in an AC power of the BESS's minimum
operating level and continue the charge until the power is 2% different than the
minimum operating level;
177

--- Page 185 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
d.6record and store the AC energy charged to the system as measured at the Interconnection
Point, ensuring that measurements are made by the meter with recording in the BESS
historian;
d.7within five (5) minutes of fully charging the BESS, command a real power discharge
that results in an AC power output of the BESS's maximum operating level.
d.8maintain the discharging state until the power is two percent (2%) different than the
maximum operating level; and
d.9record and store the AC energy discharged as measured at the meter. Measurements will
be made by the meter with recording in the BESS historian.
e.The resulting round-trip efficiency is the total discharged energy divided by the total charged
energy at the Interconnection Point.
f.The energy capacity is the sum of the total discharged energy at the Interconnection Point.
g.Resource Provider shall demonstrate that:
g.lthe measured round-trip efficiency is equal to or greater than the round-trip efficiency
guaranteed by Resource Provider; and
g.2the energy capacity is equal to or greater than the energy capacity guaranteed by
Resource Provider.
2.1.23 Automatic Generation Control (AGC) Test
a.The objective of the automatic generation control AGC test is to demonstrate the capability of
the Facility to achieve the BESS's maximum operating level within one (1) second, which is
representative of the maximum active power levels for T&D Operator Energy Control Center
(ECC) services.
b.T&D Operator and Resource Provider shall coordinate to conduct the AGC test, and T&D
Operator will initiate the AGC test from the ECC.
c.To perform the AGC test, Resource Provider shall:
c.1ensure that the BESS is in the on-line state with each battery subsystem at fifty percent
(50%) usable SOC and at an initial active power level of zero (0) MW and reactive
power level of zero (0) MVAR and the control system is configured to follow a
predefined active power profile as described below;
c.2record the BESS active power level at the Interconnection Point;
c.3command the BESS to follow a simulated ECC signal of +50% of the nameplate
capacity (e.g. +50 MW of 100 MW) for ten (10) minutes;
c.4command the BESS to follow a simulated ECC signal of -50% of the nameplate capacity
(e.g. -50 MW of 100 MW) for ten (10) minutes;
178
c

--- Page 186 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
c.5record and store the BESS active power response. Measurements will be made at the
same meter and by the control system with recording in the BESS historian;
c.6the BESS end state shall be in the on-line state and at a commanded active power level
of zero (0) MW; and
c.7ensure that the BESS active power response and the commanded level (e.g. +50 MW)
is within ±2% as measured by the sum of values at the meter, the time to full output is
one (1) second or less, and the hold period of such active power value shall be no less
than ten (10) minutes as recorded in the BESS control system historian.
2.1.24Internal Tests
a.The internal tests are the tests that Resource Provider is required to perform in coordination
with T&D Operator to demonstrate the adequate performance of the Facility based on the
design and the requirements in the MTRs.The internal tests include equipment initial
energization, the Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) onsite testing and commissioning
of the Facility equipment (batteries, inverters, PCS, communication, protection, SCADA, etc.),
protection system tests, internal and external communication tests, control system tests,
SCADA system and signal verification tests, and the MTRs tests. The OEM tests shall include
visual inspection, standard tests of the electrical infrastructure and inspection of BESS,
switchgear, transformer, and SCADA. Resource Provider shall provide the corresponding
documentation of the internal tests to 'l'&D Operator.
b.Resource Provider shall test the communication to T&D Operator's SCADA system and its
corresponding signals prior to the synchronization of the Facility to the grid.Resource
Provider shall install, commission and set-up a Dynamic System Monitor (DSM) with all the
required signals available before performing any internal test that requires power output.
c.In addition, for the internal tests, Resource Provider shall develop a test plan with detailed
procedures for the pre -commissioning, functional, energization and operational testing, which
shall include the mechanical and electrical tests by NETA for the following non -inclusive list
of equipment:
e. Icomplete BESS per OEM recommendations and checklists;
c.2High Voltage and Medium Voltage Equipment (disconnect switches, circuit breakers,
reclosers, switchgear, transformers, cable, etc.):insulation and contact resistant,
continuity, very low frequency testing, relaying, wiring, trip checks, turns ratio, voltage,
phase rotation and operation;
c.3Low Voltage Equipment (switchgear, distribution panels, switches, ATS, motors,
battery chargers, controllers, transformers, control/power wires, etc.): insulation and
contact resistant, continuity, very low frequency testing, relaying, wiring, trip checks,
turns ratio, voltage, winding resistance, fill load current, settings, and operation; and
c.4grounding systems (BESS, substation, collector system): fall of potential, resistance,
and continuity.
179

--- Page 187 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
2.1.25 BESS Fire and Safety Tests
a.Resource Provider shall test the BESS compliance to the local fire and safety codes related to
batteries in enclosures. Resource Provider shall provide site specific documentation if required
by T&D Operator. Resource Provider shall ensure that testing and certification at the
equipment manufacturing facilities is also completed or, if such tests cannot be done at the
equipment manufacturing facilities, Resource Provider may be required to have the BESS field
certified at the project site.
b.Resource Provider shall test the BESS to ensure proper functioning of the fire detection, fire
protection or fire prevention mechanisms, shutdown mechanisms, smoke detection, safety
functions, annunciation, emergency egress, physical enclosure security, and cyber security
functions.
c.Resource Provider shall ensure that UL 9540A testing and certification shall be conducted to
the 4th Edition of the standard and shall include tests of the proposed battery at the cell,
module, and system level. Resource Provider shall provide the full test report to T&D Operator
for review, including the UL 9540A gas analysis report.
d.T&D Operator reserves the right to perform a third -party test at Resource Provider's expense
to validate the OEM or Supplier's testing data.If any discrepancies in the testing data arise,
T&D Operator's testing data shall supersede all other testing data used in the BESS project
design.
180

--- Page 188 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
III.ANNUAL & RETURN TO SERVICE TESTS
1.0Overview
The objective of the annual tests is to verify, on an annual basis, the Facility's capability to comply
with the MTRs. Resource Provider shall perform the tests within thirty (30) Days of the established
annual testing date and provide a report to T&D Operator with the test results and reasonable
supporting documentation within forty-five (45) Days of the conduct of the test.
The purpose of the return to service tests is to ensure the proper functioning of the Facility after any
repair or modification of the Facility that may affect its compliance with the MTRs or the Agreement.
If Resource Provider repairs or modifies the Facility in any way that might affect its compliance with
the M1'Rs or the Agreement, Resource Provider shall perform the appropriate annual tests as soon as
the new equipment is installed or any repair/improvements are completed and prior to returning the
Facility to service.
Resource Provider will identify and analyze critical parameters over time to assess the system and
equipment performance, degradation, and overall health ofthe Facility. If performance of the Facility
deviates from acceptable norms or does not meet the acceptance criteria, prompt preventive and/or
corrective actions shall be planned and conducted to repair or service the system, equipment, or
structures and, where trend data shows, degrading performance or condition, Resource Provider will
take actions to prevent failures that can potentially result in Non -Scheduled Outages or Non -
Scheduled Deratings.
2.0Annual & Return to service Tests
Prior to commencement of the annual tests, Resource Provider shall provide a pre -inspection
checklist to T&D Operator that includes but is not limited to the following:
a.A requirement for all personnel to wear proper Personnel Protective Equipment (PPE) at all
times during any testing or while on site at the Facility. The PPE requirements shall be based
on the latest ARC flash study.
b.Verification that all protection equipment, controls, and relaying are loaded with proper
settings.
c.Verification of proper stenciling of equipment as compared to WC schematics and wiring
diagrams.
d.Verification that safety grounds have been removed prior to energization.
e.Confirmation that a safety walkdown and job brief has been performed.
Resource Provider shall perform the following tests annually and as required prior to returning the
Facility to service:
a.Voltage Regulation System (VRS) Test -Resource Provider shall test and verify the Facility's
compliance with the VRS requirements in the MTRs. Details of the expected tests are set out
in Paragraph 2.1.2 of this Testing Protocol.
181

--- Page 189 ---
g
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
b.Reactive Power Capability Test - Resource Provider shall test and verify the Facility's
compliance with the Reactive Power Capability requirements in the MTRs. Details of the
expected tests are set out in Paragraph 2.1.3 of Testing Protocol. If the required active power
output range of the Facility for this test is not reached, Resource Provider shall repeat the test,
and T&D Operator shall curtail the Facility output to the active power tested.
c.Frequency Response and Regulation Test - Resource Provider shall test and verify the
Facility's compliance with the Frequency Response requirements in the MTRs. Resource
Provider shall demonstrate the capability of the Facility to comply with the MTRs for
frequency response and regulation. Details of the expected tests are set out in Paragraph 2.1.4
of this Testing Protocol.
d.Ramp Rate Control Tests - Resource Provider shall test and verify the Facility's compliance
with the Ramp Rate Control requirements in the MTRs. Resource Provider shall demonstrate
the capability of the Facility to comply with the MTRs for Ramp Rate Control. Details of the
expected tests are set out in Paragraph 2.1.5 of this Testing Protocol.
e.Power Quality - Resource Provider shall lest and verify the Facility's compliance with the
power management requirements in the MTRs. Details of the expected tests are set out in
Paragraph 2.1.8 of this Testing Protocol.
f.Round Trip Efficiency - Resource Provider shall test and verify the qualified/available energy
and qualified round trip efficiency of the Facility. Details of the expected tests are set out in
Paragraph 2.1.22 of this Testing Protocol.
Charge and Discharge Capacity Tests - Resource Provider shall perform both charge and
discharge tests to measure the available discharge and charge capacity and discharge and
charge duration. Details of the expected tests are set out in Paragraphs 2.1.15, 2.1.16, 2.1.17,
2.1.18, 2.1.19 and 2.1.20 of this Testing Protocol.
h.Infrared thermography inspections of the Interconnection Facilities - Resource Provider shall
perform an infrared thermography preventive inspection of the Interconnection Facilities and
related equipment and structures.
3.0Periodic Testing
In accordance with Section 6 (Operation of the Facility) of the Agreement, at T&D Operator's
request, Resource Provider shall provide certifications of tests and inspections of the electric and
protection equipment, which may impact the Grid System. T&D Operator shall have the right to visit
and visually monitor Resource Provider's she during operation and testing.
IV.FACTORY ACCEPTANCE TESTS
Resource Provider shall provide to T&D Operator the major equipment manufacturer's formal test
result report and official documentation of the Factory Acceptance Test (FAT) to demonstrate
equipment performance, including but not limited to the MTRs, ESSA tests, design or type tests and
factory routine tests. The major equipment includes BESS, MV/LV cable, inverters, switchgear,
transformers, circuit breakers, disconnect switches, BESS, reactive power compensation equipment.
182

--- Page 190 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Resource Provider may satisfy design capability tests which comply with industry standards (IEEE
1547, IEEE P2800, UL 1741, UL 1642, UL 9540A, UL 1973, NFPA 855) by submission of the
proper certification conforming to Section 6.9(b) (Supply Period Performance Tests) of the
Agreement. This is applicable to U/O VRT, FR, anti-islanding, single -phasing, and three-phase
testing. However, T&D Operator reserves the right to require Resource Provider to test on -site the
anti-islanding, single -phasing, and three-phase trip capabilities of the Facility.
Resource Provider shall submit to T&D Operator the test results report and official documentation
at least ninety (90) Days prior to the Facility commissioning test.
T&D Operator reserves the right to witness virtually or in person the FAT of any of the major
equipment at the manufacturers' facilities. Resource Provider and T&D Operator shall coordinate
the schedule to witness an FAT ahead of its execution. Resource Provider shall submit to T&D
Operator the tentative dates for the FAT at the start of project development.
Additionally, Resource Provider shallprovide documentation (including the corresponding
manufacture's official test reports per Section 6.9(b) (Supply Period Performance Tests) of the
Agreement)) from the battery and power conversion equipment manufacturers that demonstrates or
certifies the batteries, power conversion equipment's and overall BESS compliance with low voltage
ride -through (LVRT), over voltage ride -through (OVRT), and frequency ride through (FRT)
specifications of the MTRs in Appendix K (Minimum Technical Requirements) of the Agreement
and consistent with the Operating Procedures in Appendix L (Operating Procedures) of the
Agreement. Resource Provider shall demonstrate compliance with the LVRT curve and the OVRT
curve described in the MTRs during the commissioning tests.The LVRT tests shall include the
verification and compliance testing of the reactive current injection mode during a fault. Resource
Provider shall demonstrate that the disconnection times satisfy the frequency thresholds defined in
the MTRs during the frequency ride through tests and frequency ride through testing on one (I) BESS
to be specifically installed at the Facility. If a BESS is used in tandem to comply with the MTRs,
Resource Provider shall procure that the BESS power conversion equipment manufacturer and the
BESS manufacturer determine the parameters and assumptions for the manufacturer testing.
Resource Provider shall procure that the equipment manufacturers utilize loss assumptions consistent
with the expected conditions at the Facility.
183

--- Page 191 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX N
TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS FOR THE DYNAMIC SYSTEM MONITOR
I.Introduction
The following specification defines the minimum requirements for an instrument used ín the
monitoring and registration of dynamic disturbances on electric power systems and the supervision
of source performance according to Grid Codes.
II.Hardware
a.Inputs:
The equipment shall have at least 32 analog inputs with the capacity to increase
them to a minimum of 96 inputs depending on the application required analog
signals. The mínimum resolution for the AID converter shall be 16 bit. The
sampling rate shall be programmable up to a minimum of 250 samples per cycle
(15000 samples per second). The analog inputs shall permit at least the following
types of signals:
i.PT voltage (150 V rms minimum, Accuracy better or equal to 0.3%);
ii.CT currents (5 A rms minimum, Accuracy better or equal to 0.3%);
iii.DC voltages of at least 800 V (Accuracy better or equal to 0.3%);
iv.Small Analog Signals (Accuracy better or equal to 0.3%);
A.Current: 4 - 20 mA; and
B.Voltage: 0 - 200 mV, IV, 10 V;
2.The equipment shall have at least 16 digital inputs with the capacity to increase
them to a minimum of 48 inputs depending on the application required digital
signals. The minimum input voltage range of the digital inputs should be 0 - 150
V. The digital inputs should be included as a user defined software triggering input.
3.The equipment shall be able to record power system frequency with a resolution
of at least 0.001 Hz.
b.The equipment shall have a built-in microprocessing unit with color monitor, keyboard and
mouse from which all commands, controls and setup parameters may be entered. All setup
parameters shall be store in a non-volatile medium, to prevent loss of setup data if power
is interrupted. This microprocessing unit shall be of industrial grade to insure long life in a
typical substation or generation plant environment.
c.Memory and storage capacity:
The equipment shall have a nonvolatile solid state memory (ex. SSD, flash, etc.) with the
required capacity to stores at least one (1) Year of continuous data based in typical
recording periods and typical recording rates. Also, the memory shall have a minimum
184

--- Page 192 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
storage capacity of 1,000 RMS trigger events and 1,000 Instantaneous trigger events based
in typical recording rates and recording periods. Typical recording periods and recording
rates are:
i.RMS Trigger Recording Function (Recording rate of 1 sample per cycle
on all the signals)
A.Pre -Trigger: 60 seconds
B.Post -trigger: 300 seconds
ii.Instantaneous Values Trigger Recording Function (recording rate of 250
samples per cycle on all instantaneous signals)
A.Pre -Trigger: 1 second
B.Post -Trigger: 2 seconds
iii.Continuous Recording Function - The recording rate is one (1) sample per
second on all the signals. This recording function is continuous, but saved
in twenty-four (24) hour periods.
All the recording functions mentioned above shall work simultaneously. The
equipment shall maintain the date and time in an internal battery -backed clock.
d.Communication:
The equipment shall have at least two Ethernet 10/100/1000 Mbps port (LAN
interface, TCP/IP Protocol) for local and remote network communication.
e.Power Source:
The equipment shall have a redundant power supply. Two separate inputs (one AC
and one DC) 100 - 240 VAC, 60 Hz and 100 - 150 DC. Some applications could
require DC supply of 48 VDC + 10%, verify before the equipment acquisition.
f.Measurement accuracy:
1.Voltage measurement error shall be less than + 0.3% of reading.
2.Current measurement error shall be less than + 0.3% of reading.
HI.Software
a.The software platform of the equipment shall be compatible with the latest version of
Microsoft Windows operating system.
b.The equipment remote communication shall be thru TCP/IP network connectivity (LAN).
The remote communication should permit at least the set up and data retrieval of the
equipment. The equipment should have the capability lo perform at least the following
functions remotely:
185

--- Page 193 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
1.Modification of the configuration;
2.Retrieval of captured events; and
3.Remote event triggering.
c.The equipment shall have the capacity of time synchronization with GPS system. A GPS
receiver and GPS antenna shall be included.
d.Triggers:
1.The equipment shall support user defined programmable triggers. Triggering shall
be initiated based upon primary quantities (voltage, current, and frequency),
calculated quantities (watts, Var, power factor, apparent power, etc.), digital
signals or small analog signals.
2.The trigger thresholds shall be based on limits, gradients, equations and status.
Examples of trigger conditions that shall be available are:
i.Level threshold (high level, low level, in -band, out -band, etc.);
ii.Rate of change (ex. frequency variation (df/dt));
iii.Manual input (keyboard trigger);
iv.Request from remote computer; and
v.Event input status (digital signal status).
3.A re -trigger function shall be available which permits the equipment to generate a
new event register if a second disturbance is detected while the recording of the
first disturbanceisstillin process. This process should continue if more
disturbances occur in the new registers.
e.The acquisition software shall include a user defined pre -trigger interval option as well as
a user defined post trigger interval for the information captured in the case of triggered
events. The minimum range of the pre -trigger interval should be from 0 to 60 seconds and
the minimum range for the post trigger interval should be 0 to 300 seconds. In addition, the
date, time, and type of trigger that initiated the event shall be included as part of the
disturbance record.
f.The acquisition software shall have the following capabilities:
I.Time displays (ex. Oscilloscope);
2.Digital Status display (ex. High/Low, 1/0);
3.Multiple displays and multiple signals in displays ín real time and off-line;
4.Display resizing;
5.Programmable conversion of range and units of signals; and
yv186

--- Page 194 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
6.Independent range for signals.
g.The acquired data shall be available in a format directly compatible with Siemens Power
Technologies International (Siemens PTI) PSS/E plotting software.
h.The software shall support data export in ASCII, CSV and PSS/E formats.
i.The software shall support image export in JPG, BMP or WMF formats.
j.The software shall have the following analysis capabilities for the data and signals (primary
and calculated):
1.Fast Fourier Transform (FFT);
2.Peak analysis;
3.Filter functions; and
4.Series and scalar mathematic (square root, inversion, square, sum, gain, offset,
etc.).
k.The software shall perform the following power engineering calculations (on-line and off-
line) and measurements:
1.Three phase and single phase power (real, reactive, apparent);
2.Power Factor;
3.Power angle;
4.rms line and phase voltage;
5.rms current;
6.Power system frequency;
7.DC voltage and currents; and
8.AC voltage and currents.
LV.General
a.Environmental Conditions:
1.Operating temperature: 0° C to 50° C; and
2.Operating humidity: 95%, non -condensing.
187

--- Page 195 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY L1,C
b.Equipment cabinet and corresponding accessories:
1.The cabinet should have test switches at the front of the panel for the three phase
voltages and currents. The test switches should have a minimum rating of 600 V
rms and 30 A rms; semi flush mounted, rear connected, equal or similar to ABB
FT -1, style no. 129A514G01. The test switches should be assembled horizontally
in groups of three FT -1 switches per row, mounted on a 19 inches wide, three -rack
unit (3RU) high panel suitable for rack mounting, similar to ABB FR3J014014014.
2.The signals (analog and digital) should terminate on terminal blocks inside the
cabinet, before the connection to the Dynamic System Monitor. The AC, DC,
digital, exciter voltage and exciter current signals should be in different terminal
blocks. The terminal blocks should have a minimum rating of 600 V nns and 30 A
rms (except the exciter voltages signals, see below). Examples of terminal blocks
are: GE CRI51B2 and Marathon 1512 STD. The current signals should terminate
on shorting type heavy duty terminal blocks equal or similar to Marathon, catalog
number 1506SC. The terminal blocks used for the excitation voltage of the
generators must have a nominal voltage capacity greater than 800 V DC. A switch
or breaker for isolation purposes is also required for the excitation voltage and
current signals.
c.Documentation:
1.The equipment shall include a documentation package that contains the user,
operation and maintenance manuals and the mechanical and electrical equipment
drawings. The documentation should be in hard copy and in digital format.
2.The equipment documentation shall include a copy of the software.
d.Spare parts recommended by the equipment manufacturer shall be included in the dynamic
system monitor purchase order.
e.Warranty:
I.The equipment warranty shall include part and service for a period not less than
sixty (60) Months from the delivery day.
2.Equipment Training, Installation Support and Commissioning:
i.An on -site equipment operation and configuration training should be
included; and
ii.The dynamic system monitor manufacturer shall perform the equipment
commissioning and offer installation support.
188
43.

--- Page 196 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX O
TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS FOR OPERATION, PROTECTION, & CONTROL
1.Resource Provider shall provide general protection practices, which comply with PREPA's written
protection system practices and DCDs, in all the electrical equipment related to the Interconnection
Facilities according to the standards and PREPA requirements in order to ensure personnel safety
and secure operation and interconnection with PREPA's systems. Resource Provider has
responsibility for the design, accurate relay settings (in accordance with the Approved Design) and
testing of the protection that shall contain the evaluated Resource Provider Interconnection
Facilities' settings. PREPA will evaluate and approve only the protection design, settings, and tests
of the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities related to PREPA's system stability, security,
and optimal performance. Those protection designs, settings and tests of the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilitiesnot related to PREPA's system stability,security and optimal
performance will not be evaluated by PREPA.
2.As further defined in Article 3 (Pre -Operation Period) and Appendix H (Interconnection
Description and Specifications), Resource Provider shall have responsibility for any protection
related equipment, relays, scheme design, coordination and short circuit studies, and relay settings
of all the protection equipment within PREPA's installation and remote terminals necessary to
safely synchronize the Interconnection Facilities according to the latest technology and standards.
For the avoidance of doubt, this includes the protection from (a) the PREPA Interconnection
Facilities breaker to the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities and (b) the differential
protectionrelayfromtheResourceProviderInterconnectionFacilitiestothe PREPA
Interconnection Facilities.
3.Resource Provider shall submit a complete Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities protection
report with all relay settings, including all calculations and considerations for the relay settings in
addition to coordination and short circuit studies. In addition to the foregoing, the report shall also
provide, including but not limited to, the following:
a.The approved Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities design single line drawings
shall have all the equipment information and all the relay's input and output descriptions;
b.The Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities relay settings shall include the logic,
inputs, and outputs according to the Approved Design;
c.The backup overcurrent protection units of the Resource Provider Interconnection
Facilities relay shall be set so that PREPA does not provide short circuit current for more
than one second;
d.The transformer from the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities to PREPA shall
have Delta - WYE configuration to avoid zero sequence current contribution from the
Facility during faults at the electrical system;
e.The Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities transformer protection shall be set so that
the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities does not provide short circuit current to
PREPA or disconnects instantly;
189

--- Page 197 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
f.The Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities transformer protection shall provide an
overvoltage protection unit on the delta side of the transformer to disconnect the Resource
Provider Interconnection Facilities during ground faults on the delta side of the
transformer; and
g.Resource Provider shall provide allthe equipment data of the Resource Provider
Interconnection Facilities for PREPA's protection studies such as capacity, transformer
and line impedances, current and voltage transformer ratios and information and short
circuit duty, among others.
For the avoidance of doubt, PREPA does not assume, calculate or interpret any required item from manuals,
graphs, or relay curves, and Resource Provider shall ensure that it includes all the required data in the report
upon first submittal.
190

--- Page 198 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX P
PERFORMANCE GUARANTEE
1.Facility Availability
a.Threshold Availability
Resource Provider guarantees the Facility will be available for use by PREPA for at least
seventy percent (70%) of the hours in each Billing Period during the Supply Period
("Threshold Availability"). For each Billing Period, Facility Availability shall be
calculated in accordance with paragraph (b) of Section 4 (Facility Availability) of
Appendix F (Compensation).
b.Availability Liquidated Damages
If the Facility Availability falls below the Threshold Availability during any Billing Period
of an Agreement Year, then Resource Provider shall pay PREPA liquidated damages for
each hour of such Billing Period (the "Availability Liquidated Damages") equal to:
ALD = (TA - FA) x DDE xRER
CPP
(30.33Daysx24hours)My
where:
ALD=Availability Liquidated Damages for such hour, expressed in $;
TA=Threshold Availability, expressed as a percentage;
FA=Facility Availability for such Billing Period, expressed as a percentage;
DDE=Degraded Duration Energy applicable to such Agreement Year, expressed
in MWh;
RERreplacement Energy rate of $170/ MWh; and
CPP=Capability Payment Price applicable to such Agreement Year, expressed
in $/MW -Month.
2.Capability
a.Guaranteed Viability
Resource Provider guarantees that the Facility will maintain an Adjusted Duration Energy
not less than the Degraded Duration Energy ("Guaranteed Capability") for the Supply
Period, as measured by the Performance Tests conducted in accordance with Section 6.9
(Supply Period Performance Tests).
191

--- Page 199 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
b.Capability Liquidated Damages
If a Performance Test shows the Adjusted Duration Energy below the Guaranteed
Capability, then Resource Provider shall pay PREPA, for each Day from the Day on which
such Performance Test occurred until the Day on which Resource Provider demonstrates a
Tested Duration Energy equal to or greater than the Degraded Duration Energy, liquidated
damages ("Capability Liquidated Damages") equal to:
CLD = (GC - TDE) xRER
CPP
(30.33 Month x 24-ours,
where:
CLD=Capability Liquidated Damages, expressed in $;
GC=Guaranteed Capability, expressed in MWh;
TDE=Tested Duration Energy, expressed in MWh;
RER-replacement Energy rate of $170/MWh; and
CPP=Capability Payment Price applicable to such Agreement Year, expressed
in $/MW -Month.
3.Efficiency
a.Guaranteed Efficiency
Resource Provider guarantees that the Facility will maintain Actual Efficiency for each
Billing Period during the Supply Period not less than Guaranteed Efficiency. The Parties
shall calculate Actual Efficiency in accordance with paragraph (b) of this Section 3 of this
Appendix P.
b.Calculation of Actual Efficiency
Resource Provider shall calculate the actual efficiency of the Facility for each Billing
Period "n" as a percentage measurement using the formula set forth below ("Actual
Efficiency"):
DE
Actual Efficiency =(DE. + (AEeud - AEpee))
CE
the total Discharge Energy for Billing Period "n", as measured for such
period in accordance with Section 8.4 (Meter Reading);
CE,=the total Charge Energy for Billing Period "n", as measured for such period
in accordance with Section 8.4 (Meter Reading);
AEe d=Stored Energy Level at 23:59 on the last Day of Billing Period "n";
192

--- Page 200 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
AEbeg=Stored Energy Level at 23:59 on the last Day of the Billing Period
preceding the current Billing Period "n"; and
n=relevant Billing Period "n" for which Actual Efficiency is calculated.
c.Efficiency Liquidated Damages
If the Actual Efficiency for a Billing Period "n" in an Agreement Year falls below the
Guaranteed Efficiency, then Resource Provider shall pay PREPA liquidated damages for
such Billing Period (the "Efficiency Liquidated Damages") equal to:
ELD =RER -DasPPhoursx ((CE x GE) - DE)
(30.33Monthx 24Day )
where:
ELD=Efficiency Liquidated Damages for such hour, expressed in $;
RER=replacement Energy rate of $ l70/MWh;
CPPCapability Payment Price applicable to such Agreement Year, expressed
in $/MW -Month;
CEthe total Charge Energy for Billing Period "n", as measured for such period
in accordance with Section 8.4 (Meter Reading);
GE=Guaranteed Efficiency, expressed as its decimal equivalent; and
DE=the total Discharge Energy for Billing Period "n", as measured for such
period in accordance with Section 8.4 (Meter Reading).
4.Ramp Rate
a.Guaranteed Ramp Rate
Resource Provider guarantees a minimum response rate of ten percent (10%) of the
Facility's Degraded Duration Energy per minute ("Guaranteed Ramp Rate").
b.Non -Scheduled Outage
The Ramp Rate will be measured in accordance with Section 6.9 (Supply Period
Performance Tests). If the Facility is unable to demonstrate the Guaranteed Ramp Rate,
Resource Provider shall place the Facility into a Non -Scheduled Outage immediately and
resolve any issues so that the Facility can achieve the Guaranteed Ramp Rate.
193
(1)

--- Page 201 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX Q
FORM OF SWORN STATEMENT
SWORN STATEMENT
Comes now, CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC organized and existing under the laws of the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, with employer's identification number 66-093-6852, represented in this
act by Mr. Jesús Bolinaga, of legal age, married, and a resident of Puerto Rico and under the most Solemn
oath declares the following:
That my name and other personal circumstances are the aforementioned.
2.That I hold the position of President in the aforementioned company.
3.That the undersigned or CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC, its president, vice-president,
directors, executive director, members of its board of directors, board of directors, nor any of its
officials or person performing equivalent functions for CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC; or its
subsidiaries or alter egos:
a.Have not pled guilty to, or have not been convicted of, to any of the crimes enumerated in
the Article 6.8 of Act 8-2017, as amended, known as the Act for the Administration and
Transformation of Human Resources in the Government of Puerto Rico or any of the
crimes included in Act 2-2018.
b.I -lave not pled guilty or have not been convicted in Puerto Rico or United States Federal
court for under Articles 4.2, 4.3 or 5.7 of Act 1-2012, as amended, known as the Organic
Act of the Office of Government Ethics of Puerto Rico, any of the crimes listed in Articles
250 through 266 of Act 146-2012, as amended, known as the Puerto Rico Penal Code, any
of the crimes typified in Act 2-2018, known as the Anti -Corruption Code for a New Puerto
Rico or any other felony that involves the misuse of public funds or property, including but
not limited to the crimes mentioned in Article 6.8 of Act 8-2017, as amended, known as
the Act for the Administration and Transformation of Human Resources in the Government
of Puerto Rico.
4.The undersigned expressly recognizes that the conviction in Puerto Rico or United States Federal
court for under Articles 4.2, 4.3 or 5.7 of Act 1-2012, as amended, known as the Organic Act of
the Office of Government Ethics of Puerto Rico, any of the crimes listed in Articles 250 through
266 of Act 146-2012, as amended, known as the Puerto Rico Penal Code, any of the crimes typified
in Act 2-2018, known as the Anti -Corruption Code for a New Puerto Rico or any other felony that
involves the misuse of public funds or property, including but not limited to the crimes mentioned
in Article 6.8 of Act 8-2017, as amended, known as the Act for the Administration and
Transformation of Human Resources in the Government of Puerto Rico will result in automatic
termination of any contract in the Government of Puerto Rico.
5.That this statement complies with Act 8-2017, as amended, and Act 2-2018.
194

--- Page 202 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LI.0
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Iaffirm and sign the herein document in,this
day of_,20
Affidavit No,
Representative's Signature
Duly sworn and subscribed to before me by,whose personal circumstances
are the above mentioned and who to me is personally known, or have identified by means of
,in,thisday of,20,
195
Notary Public
Seal

--- Page 203 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX R
FORM OF FOMB CERTIFICATION
CONTRACTOR CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT
Resource Provider shalt provide the following certification to FOMB and the Commonwealth's Contracting
Government Entity, signed by its Chief Executive Officer (or equivalent highest rank officer):
Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms have the meanings defined in the Energy Storage
Services Agreement dated [a] (the "Agreement"). For purposes of this certification, (i) the term
"Agreement" is inclusive of any amendments, modifications or extensions, (ii) the "owner" shall mean all
Persons with an ownership or membership interest, as the case may be, equal to or greater than ten percent
(10%) in the Resource Provider; and (iii) the term "principals" shall mean any Person that has full authority
to act on behalf of Resource Provider.
1.Resource Provider'ssubcontractor(s)inconnection with the Agreement (including any
amendments, modifications, or extensions) is (are) the following:
(Name of individual or firm, including names of principals and owners of Resource Provider)
(Principal terms and conditions of the contractual relation and role of the subcontractor)
(Amount of proposed contract payable to eachsubcontractor)
2.Neither Resource Provider nor any of its owners (including any Person or entity with more than a
ten percent (10%) ownership interest in Resource Provider), partners, directors, officials, or
employees, has agreed to share or give a percentage of Resource Provider's compensation under
the Agreement to, or otherwise compensate, any third party, whether directly or indirectly, in
connection with the procurement, negotiation, execution or performance of the contract, except as
follows:
(Name of individual or firm, including names of principals and owners of Resource Provider)
(Principal terms and conditions of the compensation sharing arrangement and consideration
for such benefit)
3.To the best knowledge of the signatory (after due investigation), no Person has unduly intervened
in the procurement, negotiation, or execution of the contract, for its own benefit or that of a third
Person, in contravention of Applicable Law.
4.To the best knowledge of the signatory (after due investigation), no Person has: (i) offered, paid,
or promised to pay money to; (ii) offered, given, or promised to give anything of value to; or (iii)
otherwise influenced any public official or employee with the purpose of securing any advantages,
privileges or favors for the benefit of such Person in connection with the Agreement (such as the
execution of a subcontract with Resource Provider, beneficial treatment under the contract, or the
written or unwritten promise of a gift, favor, or other monetary or non -monetary benefit).
5.Neither Resource Provider, nor any of its owners, partners, directors, officials or employees or, to
the best of its knowledge (after due investigation), its representatives or sub -contractors, has
required, directly or indirectly, from third Persons to take any action with the purpose of influencing
196

--- Page 204 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
any public official or employee in connection with the procurement, negotiation or execution of
the contract, in contravention of Applicable Law.
6.Any incorrect, incomplete or false statement made by Resource Provider's representative as part of
this certification shall cause the nullity of the proposed contract and Resource Provider must
reimburse immediately to the Commonwealth any amounts, payments or benefits received from
the Commonwealth under the Agreement.
The above certifications are hereby signed under penalty of perjury by the Chief Executive Officer
(or equivalent highest rank officer) in the following form:
"I hereby certify under penalty of perjury that the foregoing is complete, tnie and correct."
By:
Date:
Signature:
197

--- Page 205 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX S
FORM OF CONDITIONS PRECEDENT CERTIFICATE
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT CERTIFICATE
Date: 1.j
Agreement:¡.] [NTD: Insert contract number and title.]
From:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA")
To:Clean Flexible Energy LLC ("Resource Provider")
We refer to the Energy Storage Services Agreement dated 1.1 between PREPA and Resource Provider (the
"ESSA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this Condition Precedent
Certificate shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the ESSA.
Resource Provider hereby certifies and confirms to PREPA that Resource Provider has satisfied all of' its
Conditions Precedent under the ESSA, including mutual conditions. By signature below, PREPA likewise
certifies and confirms to Resource Provider that PREPA has satisfied all of its Conditions Precedent under
the ESSA, including mutual conditions.
We hereby certify that the Closing Date occurred on [.1.
Very truly yours,Acknowledged and agreed,
Clean Flexible Energy LLCPuerto Rico Electric Power Authority
as Resource Provideras PREPA
198

--- Page 206 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX T
FORM OF CONSTRUCTION START DATE CERTIFICATE
CONSTRUCTION START DATE CERTIFICATE
Date: []
From:Clean Flexible Energy LLC ("Resource Provider")
To:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA")
We refer to the Energy Storage Services Agreement between PREPA and Resource Provider dated [.] (the
"ESSA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this Construction Start Date
Certificate shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the ESSA.
We hereby certify that Resource Provider has:
a.obtained all Permits, authorizations and real property rights needed to start construction of
the Facility;
b.secured the necessary financing and Equity (which Shareholders have contributed) for the
construction of the Facility and payment for the PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work
under the Interconnection Agreement (including the execution of documents between
Resource Provider and the Project Lenders that include binding commitments which,
together with Equity, provide for one hundred percent (100%) of the total capital cost of
the Facility and payment for the PREPA Interconnection Facilities Work under the
Interconnection Agreement, other than the amount to he funded by Equity) and satisfied
all conditions associated with, and made, the initial draw of funds for such construction
under the Financing Documents with the Project Lenders, except to the extent that the
capital has not yet been expended and such use constitutes a condition to the initial draw;
c.entered into the Facility Construction Contract and any other agreements necessary to make
the Energy Storage Services available to PREPA in accordance with the ESSA;
d.received PREPA's confirmation of the Approved Design;
e.maintains the Performance Security required by the ESSA ín full force and effect; and
f.givenitsprimary contractor(s) under theFacilityConstruction Contractafull,
unconditional notice to proceed with construction of the Facility.
The Construction Start Date occurred on [.].
Very truly yours,
Clean Flexible Energy LLC
as Resource Provider
Acknowledged and agreed,
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
as PREPA
1.1 [1
199

--- Page 207 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF,PA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX U
FORM OF COMMERCIAL OPERATION DATE CERTIFICATE
COMMERCIAL OPERATION DATE CERTIFICATE
Date: [j
From:Clean Flexible Energy LLC ("Resource Provider")
To:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA")
We refer to the Energy Storage Services Agreement between PREPA and Resource Provider dated 1j (the
"ESSA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this certificate shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the ESSA.
We hereby certify that:
a.as demonstrated by the Initial Performance Tests, (i) Resource Provider has completed the
installation, testing and commissioning of the Facility, (ii) the Facility can make available
Capability on a sustained basis that meets or exceeds the Design Capability (or, to the extent that a
Design Capability exceeds the corresponding Capability, (I) Resource Provider has credited
PREPA for all Liquidated Damages required by the ESSA in respect thereof, and (2) such
Capability of the Facility meets or exceeds the Minimum Acceptance Capability and satisfies the
Other Minimum Acceptance Criteria, and (iii) the Facility can make available Discharge Energy
that corresponds to such Capability at the Interconnection Point and receive Charge Energy at each
Charge Point on a continuous basis, in each case, in accordance with Prudent Utility Practices and
the ESSA;
b.the Co -Located Renewable Energy Resource has achieved the PPOA Commercial Operation Date;
c.Resource Provider has obtained, and maintains ín force, all material Permits required for the
operation of the Facility; and
d.the Facility complies in all material respects with Applicable Law.
The Commercial Operation Date occurred on M.
Very truly yours,Acknowledged and agreed,
Clean Flexible Energy LLCPuerto Rico Electric Power Authority
as Resource Provideras PREPA
11 l1
200

--- Page 208 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX V
FORM OF PERFORMANCE SECURITY
IRREVOCABLE, STANDBY LETTER OF CREDIT
[Bank's Name, and Address of Issuing Branch or Office]
Beneficiary:PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY
Address: (]
Attn: [.1
Reference No.: [)
Date of Issuance: 1.1
[PREPA- Clean Flexible Energy LLC Energy Storage Services Agreement] - Performance Security No.
[.]
We understand that Clean Flexible Energy LLC (the "Applicant') has entered into a contract with
you, Beneficiary, dated (] (as amended, the "Agreement'), which requires a Performance Security in the
form and amount of this irrevocable standby letter of credit ("Letter of Credit").
At the request of the Applicant, we [name of Bank], hereby issue this Letter of Credit and
irrevocably undertake to pay you any sum or sums not exceeding in total an amount of [] United States
Dollars (USD []) in each case upon receipt by us of your first demand in writing at the Place of
Presentation listed below in person, by registered or certified mail or by international overnight courier
service, substantially in the form attached as Annex A hereto (signed by your authorized representative and
appropriately completed) ("Demand"), without your needing to prove or to show grounds for your Demand
or the sum specified therein. We shall remit all payment(s) under this Letter of Credit into a bank account
of your choice and discretion as specified in your Demand. You may make one or more Demands under
this Letter of Credit. Partial drawings are permitted.
Any Demand made by Beneficiary in accordance herewith shall be conclusive evidence that the
sum stated in such Demand is properly due and payable to Beneficiary under this Letter of Credit. We shall
have no right and shall not be under any duty or responsibility to enquire into the reason or circumstances
of any Demand made by Beneficiary or the respective rights and/or obligations and/or liabilities of
Beneficiary and the Applicant under the Agreement. Any discrepancy between the explicit terms hereof
and the Rules (defined below) shall be read in favor of the terms set forth in this Letter of Credit.
Place of Presentation: [insert address of Bank branch where Beneficiary presents a Demand].
We shall, within five (5) business days after receipt of any Demand served from time to time by
Beneficiary, pay to Beneficiary in immediately available funds the lesser of: (a) the amount specified in the
Demand; and (b) the then applicable amount remaining on the Letter of Credit. If a Demand made by
Beneficiary hereunder does not, in any instance, conform to the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit,
then we shall give Beneficiary, within two (2) business days after receipt of such Demand, notice that such
Demand was not effected in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Letter of Credit, stating the
reason therefore. Upon being notified that a Demand was not made in conformity with this Letter of Credit,
Beneficiary may attempt to correct such non -conforming Demand. Our obligations under this Letter of
Credit are primary and not by way of surety or guarantee.
\/ v201

--- Page 209 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF,PA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
[This Letter of Credit shall enter into force and effect upon expiry of Performance Security No. [e],
dated [] and issued by [].] [NTD:Insert this language if this is a replacement Letter of Credit.]
This Letter of Credit shall expire on [date] but such expiration date shall be automatically extended
for a period of one (1) year commencing on such expiration date ("Expiry Date"), and on each successive
expiration date thereafter, unless at least one hundred twenty (120) calendar days before the then current
Expiry Date we notify both Beneficiary and Applicant that we have decided not to extend this Letter of
Credit beyond the then current Expiry Date. Any such notice shall be delivered by registered or certified
mail, or by FedEx, both to:
Beneficiary at:
[e]
And to Applicant at:
[e]
In the event Beneficiary and Applicant are so notified by us pursuant to the immediately preceding
sentence, Beneficiary may draw any amount or the entire amount available under this Letter of Credit by
Beneficiary's presentment, at the Place of Presentation, of a drawing certificate duly signed in substantially
the form of Annex A attached hereto appropriately completed. In no event shall the Expiry Date of this
Letter of Credit be subject to automatic extension beyond sixty (60) calendar days after the expiration of
the Agreement term, and any pending automatic one-year extension shall be ineffective beyond such date.
l'he Expiry Date does not affect our liability to make payment of any demand received prior to the Expiry
Date.
This Letter of Credit is subject to ICC International Standby Practices 1998 (ISP 98), International
Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590 (the "Rules"). For matters not addressed by the Rules, the laws
of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall govern this Letter of Credit and the parties shall construe this
Letter of Credit in accordance with such laws. In the event of a conflict between the terms of this Letter of
Credit and the Rules, ICC Publication No. 758, the terms of this Letter of Credit shall prevail.
The courts of the United States Federal Courts in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall have
exclusive jurisdiction in respect of all disputes arising out of this Letter of Credit (including, without
limitation, the enforceability of this Letter of Credit).
By:
Authorized Signatory
202

--- Page 210 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
ANNEX A - FORM OF DRAWING CERTIFICATE
[Letterhead of Beneficiary]
[Name of Issuing Bank]
Date:[el
[Insert Work Description] -Performance Security No. j.]
We refer to the above -captioned irrevocable standby letter of credit, with reference number le]
("Letter of Credit"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Letter of Credit or the Agreement. We hereby inform you that:
1.a Construction Start Termination Event, a COD Termination Event, or a Default (as defined in the
Agreement) by Applicant or the owing by Applicant to Beneficiary has occurred under the
Agreement for penalties or any other liabilities, damages, losses, costs or expenses arising out of
or relating to a breach of any obligation under the Agreement by Applicant, such as Default or
otherwise, or the Agreement provides that Beneficiary may draw on the Letter of Credit, entitling
us to call upon the Letter of Credit; or
2.applicant owes Beneficiary Liquidated Damages under and in accordance with the Agreement; or
3.you no longer meet the requirements of a Qualified Bank (as defined below) and twenty-one (2I )
calendar days or more have elapsed since the date on which you no longer met such requirements,
and the Applicant has not delivered to Beneficiary a replacement letter of credit that is substantially
identical to the Letter of Credit, meeting the requirements of the Agreement. "Qualified Bank"
means a national bank, national association, commercial bank or other financial institution
registered in the United States, having a branch located within Puerto Rico or the contiguous United
States, and otherwise acceptable to Beneficiary that has a long-term issuer rating of at least (i) if
headquartered within Puerto Rico, then "B+" by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, "B I" by
Moody's Investors Services Inc., or "B+" by Fitch Ratings Inc. or (ii) if headquartered outside of
Puerto Rico, then "A-" by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services, "A3" by Moody's Investors
Services Inc., or "A-" by Fitch Ratings Inc., or in each case if the relevant rating agencies cease to
engage in business or rate the obligations in question, then an equivalent rating from another
internationally recognized rating agency selected by Applicant with the written consent of
Beneficiary; provided that, if such financial institution's ratings satisfy such minimum ratings, no
other credit rating agency shall have placed such financial institution on credit watch with negative
implications; or
4.twenty-one (21) or less calendar days remain before the current Expiry Date, the Applicant's
obligation to maintain the Letter of Credit under the Agreement extends beyond such Expiry Date,
and the Applicant has not delivered to Beneficiary a replacement Letter of Credit substantially
identical to the Letter of Credit and meeting the requirements of the Agreement.
This letter serves as our demand for payment under the Letter of Credit. We request that you immediately
pay the sum of ld] into the bank account below:
Account Name:l]
Account Number:1.1
203

--- Page 211 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
Bank Name:[i[
Bank Address:[.1
Swift Code:191
Yours very truly,
[Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority[
By:
Authorized Signatory
204

--- Page 212 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX W
FORM OF DIRECT AGREEMENT
DIRECT AGREEMENT
THIS DIRECT AGREEMENT ("Direct Agreement") dated [], is entered into among: (i) the
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority, a public corporation and governmental instrumentality of the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, created by an Act of 23 May 1941, No. 83, as amended (the "Consenting
Party"), (ii) [a] (together with its successors, designees and permitted assigns in such capacity, the
"Administrative Agent") and (iii) Clean Flexible Energy LLC, a limited liability company organized
and existing under the laws of [the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico] (the "Assignor"). All capitalized terms
used herein and not otherwise defined in this Direct Agreement shall have the respective meanings set forth
in the Assigned Agreement (as defined below). The principles of interpretation and construction set forth
in the Assigned Agreement shall apply to, and are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set out in,
this Direct Agreement, mutatis tnutandis and as if any references to "this Agreement" and "Party" in such
provisions were references to, respectively, "this Direct Agreement" and "the parties hereto".
RECITALS
WHEREAS:
(A)the Assignor (as seller) and Consenting Party (as buyer) have entered into that certain Energy
Storage Services Agreement, dated as of [.] (as amended, restated or supplemented, the
"Assigned Agreement"), pursuant to which the Assignor will develop a 100 MW (400 MWh or
equivalent) Facility at the Site, (ii) interconnect the Facility with the Grid System, and (iii) provide
energy storage services exclusively to the Consenting Party, and the Consenting Party will pay for
the energy storage services from the Facility built by the Assignor;
(B)Pursuant to Section 19.3 (Resource Provider's Right to Assign) of the Assigned Agreement, the
Consenting Party has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to cooperate with any
financing efforts of the Assignor, and the Assignor may assign its rights to payment under the
Assigned Agreement to Project Lenders as security for its obligations to any such lender in
connection with any financing of the development and construction of the Facility;
(C)[The Assignor has entered into that certain [Credit Agreement], dated as of [] (as amended,
restated or supplemented, the "Credit Agreement"), among Project Lenders from time to time
party thereto (together with the Administrative Agent, each, a "Secured Party", and, collectively,
the "Secured Parties") and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which such Project Lenders
will make loans to the Assignor to, among other things, finance the construction of the Facility;
and
(D)The Assignor has entered into that certain Security Agreement, dated as of [e] (as amended,
restated or supplemented, the "Security Agreement"), among the Assignor, the other subsidiary
guarantors from time to time party thereto and the Administrative Agent, pursuant to which each
of the Assignor and such subsidiary guarantors have granted to the Administrative Agent, for the
ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, a security interest in certain property as collateral security
for the prompt and complete payment and performance when due of such entities' obligations
under the Credit Agreement.]
205

--- Page 213 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which
are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:
I.NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT
The Assignor hereby gives notice to the Consenting Party that pursuant to the Security Agreement, the
Assignor has pledged and assigned to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and
granted to the Administrative Agent a security interest in, all of the Assignor's right, title and interest in, to
and under the Assigned Agreement pursuant to the Security Agreement (the "Assigned Interest"), as
collateral security for the obligations of the Assignor under the Credit Agreement.
2.PAYMENTS UNDER THE ASSIGNED AGREEMENT
2.1Billing Arrangements
The Consenting Party agrees that, unless and untilit has been notified in writing by the
Administrative Agent that the Security Agreement has been terminated, the Consenting Party will pay all
amounts payable by it under the Assigned Agreement directly to the Assignor at such account as may be
specified in a written notice delivered by the Administrative Agent and the Assignor to the Consenting
Party. The Assignor authorizes and acknowledges the foregoing and agrees that any payment made
consistent with this Section 2.1 shall be treated for all purposes as a payment made directly to the Assignor
under the terms of the Assigned Agreement.
2.2No Set -Off Except as Provided Under Assigned Agreement
The Consenting Party agrees that in making payments in respect of the Assigned Agreement, it will
not offset any amounts owed to it by the Assignor except as provided under the Assigned Agreement.
3.RIGHTS OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT
3.1Exercise of the Assignor's Rights and Remedies
If the Administrative Agent provides written notice to the Consenting Party that an event of default
has occurred under the Credit Agreement and that the Administrative Agent desires to exercise its rights
and remedies pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Administrative Agent or any Substitute Provider (as
defined below) shall be entitled to exercise any and all rights of the Assignor under the Assigned Agreement
in accordance with the terms of this Direct Agreement and the Assigned Agreement. The Consenting Party
agrees to accept such exercise by the Administrative Agent or any Substitute Provider and continue its
performance under the Assigned Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof.
3.2Right to Cure
Upon the occurrence of an event of default by the Assignor under the Assigned Agreement, or upon
the occurrence or non-occurrence of any other event or condition which would enable the Consenting Party
to terminate its obligations under the Assigned Agreement (herein called a "default"), the Consenting Party
will not terminate its obligations under the Assigned Agreement until it first gives to the Administrative
Agent (i) the written notice required to be given to Assignor by the Assigned Agreement specifying the
nature of the default giving rise to such right (and in the case of a payment default, specifying the amount
thereof); and (ii) the opportunity to cure such default for a period of (A) thirty (30) days, in the case of a
payment default, and (B) ninety (90) days in the case of a non-payment default, provided that PREPA may
agree, acting reasonably, to extend such ninety (90) day cure period íf the Administrative Agent has
menced and is diligently pursuing appropriate action to cure such default and continues to perform all
206

--- Page 214 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
other obligations under the Assigned Agreement (unless performed by the Assignor). The Lenders' cure
period set out in this Section 3.2 may be coincident, in whole or in part, with the applicable cure period
under the Assigned Agreement, with such cure period to commence on the date that the Consenting Party
provides notice of the default to the Administrative Agent in accordance with this Section 3.2.
3.3No Liability
Except during any period in which the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party (or any of their
respective designees or assignees) constitutes a Substitute Provider, the Consenting Party acknowledges
and agrees that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Secured Party (or any of their respective designees
or assignees) shall have any liability or obligation under the Assigned Agreement as a result of this Direct
Agreement except to the extent of their respective interest in the Assigned Agreement, the Credit
Agreement or the Security Agreement, nor shall the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party (or any of
their respective designees or assignees) be obligated or required to perform any of the Assignor's
obligations under the Assigned Agreement or to take any action to collect or enforce any claim for payment
assigned under the Security Agreement. No curing of any defaults under the Assigned Agreement shall be
construed as an assumption by the Administrative Agent or any Secured Party (or any of their respective
designees or assignees) of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Assignor under the
Assigned Agreement.
3.4Substitution: Transfer
(a)The Consenting Party agrees that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Assigned
Agreement, if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Consenting Party in writing that
an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) has occurred and is continuing
under the Credit Agreement and that the Administrative Agent desires to exercise its rights
and remedies pursuant to the Security Agreement, then a Substitute Provider may be
substituted for the Assignor under the Assigned Agreement. In such event, the Consenting
Party will continue to perform its obligations under the Assigned Agreement in favor of
the Substitute Provider, subject, in any event, to all of the Consenting Party's rights and
remedies thereunder, but recognizing that the Substitute Provider's obligations under the
Assigned Agreement shall be limited to the Substitute Provider's interest in the Facility
and all revenues and proceeds derived therefrom. In the event that the Substitute Provider
succeeds to the Assignor's interest under the Assigned Agreement, whether by foreclosure
or otherwise, the Substitute Provider shall not be liable for curing or performing or be
required to perform or cause to be performed any of the defaults under the Assigned
Agreement that were, by their nature, incapable of being cured or performed.
(b)If the Assigned Agreement is rejected or terminated by a trustee or debtor -in -possession in
any bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding involving the Assignor, and if within ninety (90)
days after such rejection or termination the Administrative Agent shall so request, a
Substitute Provider and the Consenting Party will promptly execute a new agreement that
shall be for the balance of the remaining term under the Assigned Agreement (before giving
effect to such rejection or termination) and shall contain the same agreements, terms and
conditions as the Assigned Agreement. If the approval of any such trustee or debtor in
possession or any regulatory approval is necessary in order for the Consenting Party to
enter into or perform under any such new agreement, the Consenting Party shall cooperate
with the Administrative Agent or Substitute Provider in obtaining such approvals.
"Substitute Provider" means, in respect of any assignment, transfer or sale permitted
hereunder (each a "transfer") any person, including the Administrative Agent, any
Secured Party, or the Administrative Agent's or any Secured Party's designee or assignee,
207

--- Page 215 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
if the transfer is made to the Administrative Agent or a Secured Party, or any purchaser of
the Assigned Interest in a foreclosure sale or otherwise, who: (i) is at least as creditworthy
(taking into account any credit support provided by such person) as the Assignor on the
date of such transfer, (ii) is properly licensed or otherwise authorized to perform the
Assignor's obligations under the Assigned Agreement, is a counterparty with whom the
Consenting Party is not prohibited from transacting under the regulatory regime then -
applicabletothe Assigned Agreement, and has provided the certifications and
documentation required by Appendix B (PREPA Signing Conditions) of the Assigned
Agreement, but construing references to Resource Provider therein as references to such
new provider; (iii) meets the Consenting Party's internal credit policies as reasonably and
consistently applied solely with respect to the maximum potential credit exposure of the
Consenting Party to such person (it being understood that the determination of the amount
of such credit exposure shall take into account the then current creditworthiness of such
person and any collateral or guaranties posted for the benefit of such person), and otherwise
has a tangible net worth of at least twenty-five million dollars ($25,000,000) (or its direct
or indirect parent has a tangible net worth of at least seventy-five million dollars
($75,000,000); (iv) has provided, to the extent requested, all documentation and other
information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable "know your
customer" and anti -money laundering rules and regulations (including, without limitation,
the Patriot Act, rules and regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control and other
similar client identification policies and procedures) as well as all documentation required
by the Assigned Agreement (including as signing conditions) and Puerto Rico law; (v) has
not formally threatened in writing or commenced any litigation proceeding against the
Consenting Party and is not subject of any formal written threat of litigation issued or of
any litigation proceeding initiated by the Consenting Party; (vi) is or has engaged, in the
Consenting Party's sole discretion, a Qualified Operator to develop, construct, test,
commission, operate, maintain and repair a project similar to the one contemplated by the
Assigned Agreement, to deliver energy to the Consenting Party from such a project and
otherwise fulfil the Assignor's obligations under the Assigned Agreement.
4.REPRESENTATIONS
The Consenting Party represents that:
(a)The Consenting Party is a Puerto Rico public corporation and governmental instrumentality
of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and is duly qualified to conduct its
business, to own its properties, and to execute and deliver, and to perform its obligations
under, this Direct Agreement.
(b)The execution, delivery and performance by the Consenting Party of this Direct Agreement
have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not and will not (i)
require any consent or approval of any Governmental Authority or the board of directors,
members or partners (or equivalent persons), as the case may be, of the Consenting Party
which has not been obtained, (ii) violate any provision of any law, rule, regulation, order,
writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination or award presently in effect having
applicability to the Consenting Party, or (iii) violate or result in a breach of or constitute a
default under, or require a consent that has not been obtained under or result in the creation
of a lien under, its certificate of incorporation or by-laws or any indenture or loan or credit
agreement or any other material agreement, lease or instrument to which the Consenting
Party is a party or by which it or its properties may be bound or affected.
208

--- Page 216 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRFPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
(c)This Direct Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Consenting Party and
constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Consenting Party enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by general
principles of equity and by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally. This Direct Agreement is
in full force and effect.
(d)
(e)
No authorization, approval, consent, permit or other action by, or registration or filing with,
any governmental authority or any other entity is necessary for or in connection with the
execution or delivery by the Consenting Party of, or the performance by the Consenting
Party of any of its obligations under this Direct Agreement, other than those which have
been duly obtained or made and are final and non -appealable and in full force and effect as
of the date hereof.
No litigation, action, suit, adverse proceeding or investigation before or by any arbitrator
or government authority is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Consenting Party,
threatened in writing against the Consenting Party or against any of its properties or
revenues (i) with respect to this Direct Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby or thereby; or (ii) which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be
expected to have a material adverse effect on the ability of the Consenting Party to perforan
its obligations under this Direct Agreement.
5.RESERVATION OF RIGHTS
The parties hereto agree that notwithstanding the terms of SectionsI and 2 above, each of the
Consenting Party and the Assignor reserves any and all rights and remedies (including those relating to set-
off, counterclaim, deduction or retention) it may have under the Assigned Agreement or applicable law.
The rights reserved by each of the Consenting Party and the Assignor under the Assigned Agreement and
applicable law are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights it may have under the Assigned Agreement
and/or applicable law.
6.MISCELLANEOUS
6.1Notices
All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and delivered to the applicable
recipient pursuant to this Section 6.1: (i) if to the Consenting Party or to the Assignor, in accordance with
the Assigned Agreement; (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, [e] or (iii) to such other address or facsimile
number as any party may designate by notice given to all parties hereto pursuant to this Section 6.1. Delivery
of notices and communications sent pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall be effective upon receipt.
6.2Governing Law
THIS DIRECT AGREEMENT AND ALL QUESTIONS REGARDING ITS VALIDITY,
INTERPRETATION, PERFORMANCE AND/OR ENFORCEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF
PUERTO RICO WITHOUT REGARD TO ANY CONFLICT -OF -LAW PRINCIPLES OF SUCH
COMMONWEALTH OR OTHER JURISDICTION TO THE CONTRARY. JURISDICTION AND
VENUE OF ANY SUIT OR ACTION TO ENFORCE THIS DIRECT AGREEMENT SHALL REST
SOLELY IN THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL COURTS IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO
RICO AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY SUBMITS TO THE PERSONAL
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS FOR THE PURPOSE OF RESOLVING ANY AND ALL
209

--- Page 217 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
MAI1bRS ARISING UNDER OR IN RESPECT OF THIS DIRECT AGREEMENT AND AGREES
THAT PERSONAL SERVICE UPON EACH SUCH PARTY MAY BE MADE BY DELIVERY
TI IEREOF TO SUCH PARTY AT TIIE ADDRESS SPECIFIED HEREIN.
6.3Waiver of Jury Trial
EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS DIRECT AGREEMENT OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
6.4Counterparts
This Direct Agreement may be executed by any number of, and on separate, counterparts, each of
which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all of which shall together constitute one
and the same instrument. A facsimile or .pdf copy of a counterpart signature page shall serve as the
functional equivalent of a manually executed copy for all purposes.
6.5Headings Descriptive
The headings of the several sections and subsections of this Direct Agreement are inserted for
convenience only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or construction of any provision of this Direct
Agreement.
6.6Severability
In case any provision in or obligation under this Direct Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or
obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or
impaired thereby.
6.7Amendment
Neither this Direct Agreement nor any of the terms hereof may be terminated, amended,
supplemented, waived or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by each party hereto.
6.8Successors and Assigns
This Direct Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Consenting Party
and inure, together with the rights and remedies of the Assignor and the Administrative Agent, to the benefit
of the Assignor and the Administrative Agent.
¡SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE.!
210

--- Page 218 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF.PA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Direct Agreement to be duly
executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized officers as of the day and year above written.
PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY
by
Name:
Title:
211

--- Page 219 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
[9]as Administrative Agent
by
Name:
Title:
212

--- Page 220 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX X
FORM OF IF COMPLETION NOTICE
IF COMPLETION CERTIFICATE
Date: []
Agreement:[o] [NTD: Insert contract number and title.]
From:Clean Flexible Energy LLC ("Resource Provider")
To:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA")
We refer to the Energy Storage Services Agreement dated [] between PREPA and Resource Provider (the
"ESSA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this IF Completion Certificate
shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the ESSA.
We hereby certify that, on [date], Resource Provider has substantially completed and tested the Resource
Provider Interconnection Facilities in accordance with paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.4 (Pre -
Synchronization Testing) of the ESSA.
As required by paragraph (c) of Section 4.4 (Pre -Synchronization Testing) of the ESSA, a copy of the red
line drawing used for the construction of the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities is attached to
this document.
Very truly yours,Acknowledged and agreed,
Clean Flexible Energy LLCPuerto Rico Electric Power Authority
as Resource Provideras PREPA
213

--- Page 221 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX Y
FORM OF SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION NOTICE
SUBSTANTIAL COMPLETION NOTICE
Date: [o]
Agreement:[I) [NTD: Insert contract number and title.]
From:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA")
To:Clean Flexible Energy LI.0 ("Resource Provider")
We refer to the Energy Storage Services Agreement dated [e] between PREPA and Resource Provider (the
"ESSA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this Substantial Completion
Notice shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the ESSA.
PREPA, in consultation with the Consulting Technical Expert, has determined that Resource Provider has
constructed the Resource Provider Interconnection Facilities and the Facility in accordance with the
Approved Design. Nothing in this certificate relieves or waives any obligation that Resource Provider might
have under the Agreement.
The Parties shall proceed with Initial Synchronization and testing pursuant to Article5 (Synchronization,
Testing & Completion).
Very truly yours,Acknowledged and agreed,
Clean Flexible Energy LLCPuerto Rico Electric Power Authority
as Resource Provideras PREPA
214

--- Page 222 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX Z
FORM OF WARRANTY COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
WARRANTY COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
Date: lie]
Agreement:le] [NTD: Insert contract number and title.]
To:Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA")
From:Clean Flexible Energy LLC ("Resource Provider")
We refer to the Energy Storage Services Agreement dated ]s] between PREPA and Resource Provider (the
"ESSA"). Unless the context otherwise requires, capitalized terms used in this Warranty Compliance
Certificate shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the ESSA.
Ihave reviewed the representations and warranties made by Resource Provider under Article12
(Representations, Warranties, & Covenants), and, on behalf of Resource Provider, confirm and certify to
PREPA the truth and correctness of such representations and warranties on the date hereof.
Very truly yours,
Clean Flexible Energy LLC
as Resource Provider
215

--- Page 223 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
APPENDIX AA
FORM OF PAYMENT GUARANTEE
THIS PAYMENT GUARANTEE AGREEMENT (the "Payment Guarantee"), is entered into as of []
day of [o], by THE AES CORPORATION, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of
[jurisdiction] with its principal office at [] (the "Guarantor")1, in favor of PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC
POWER AUTHORITY, a public corporation and governmental instrumentality of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, created by Act of May 2, 1941, No. 83, as amended, with its principal office at 1110 Ponce de
León Avenue, Office #808, San Juan, Puerto Rico (together with any successor or permitted assign under
the ESSA (as defined below), the `Beneficiary");
WHEREAS:
A.Clean Flexible Energy LLC, a limited liability company organized and existing under the laws
of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico (the "Company") has entered into the Energy Storage
Services Agreement, dated [e], with the Beneficiary (as amended, the "ESSA");
B.(i) the ESSA obligates the Company to deliver this Payment Guarantee to the Beneficiary as one
of the conditions precedent for its effectiveness, and (ii) the Guarantor has agreed to execute and
deliver this Payment Guarantee; and
C.the Guarantor (i) holds a direct or indirect ownership interest of [] percent ([] %) of the Company
on the date hereof, and (ii) expects as an affiliate of the Company to derive commercial benefits
from the ESSA as a result of such ownership interest;
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual agreements contained herein, and for
other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which the Guarantor hereby
acknowledges, the Guarantor and the Beneficiary (each, a "Party" and collectively, the "Parties") hereby
agree as follows:
1.DEFINITIONS
I.1General
In this Payment Guarantee:
"Banking Day" means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which
Applicable Law authorizes, or requires, commercial banks in New York City to be closed.
"Beneficiary" has the meaning set out in the preamble of this Payment Guarantee.
"Company" has the meaning set out in the Recital (A) of this Payment Guarantee.
"ESSA" has the meaning set forth in Recital (A) of this Payment Guarantee.
"Guaranteed Obligations" has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(Guarantee).
1Note: Provide jurisdiction of incorporation and principal office address of Guarantor.
216
(1,

--- Page 224 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
"Guarantor" has the meaning set out in the preamble of this Payment Guarantee.
"InsolvencyEvent"meansanybankruptcy,insolvency,reorganization,arrangement,
readjustment, composition, liquidation or similar proceeding with respect to a Party or the
Company, any respective properties or creditors of a Party or the Company, or any action taken by
any trustee or receiver of a Party or the Company or by any court in any such proceeding.
"Payment Guarantee" has the meaning set forth in the preamble of this Payment Guarantee.
"Service of Process Agent" has the meaning set forth in paragraph (d) of Section 4.2 (Dispute
Resolution).
"Term" has the meaning set forth in Section 4.7 (Term);
"Unrestricted Net Worth" means, with respect to the Guarantor, the sum of (i) the subscribed and
paid -up equity (including additional paid -in capital), and (ii) the Unrestricted Retained Earnings,
in each case of the Guarantor.
"Unrestricted Net Worth Requirement" means with respect to any Person, that such Person has
an Unrestricted Net Worth of at least¡j.2
"Unrestricted Retained Earnings" means, with respect to the Guarantor, the amount of
accumulated profits and gains realized out of the normal and continuous operations of the Guarantor
after deducting distributions to stockholders and transfers to capital stock or other accounts, and
which is (i) not appropriated by its board of the Guarantor for corporate expansion projects or
programs; (ii) not covered by a restriction for dividend declaration under a loan agreement; (iii) not
required to be retained under special circumstances binding on the Guarantor such as when there is
a need for a special reserve for probable contingences; and (iv) not otherwise covered by any other
legal restriction (which refers to any injunction, judgement, or order issued by any judicial
authority) on the ability of the Guarantor to distribute or otherwise apply its equity.
1.2Other Defined Terms
The capitalized terms "Applicable Law", "Closing Date", "Commercial Operation Date",
"Default", "Person" and "PREB" shall have the meanings set forth in the ESSA.
2.GUARANTOR'S REPRESENTATIONS & COVENANTS
2.1Representations
The Guarantor makes the following representations to the Beneficiary as of the date hereof:
a.the Guarantor has been duly organized and is validly existing and in good standing under
the Applicable Laws of[jurisdiction],has full legal right, power and authority to enter into,
and carry out the terms and provisions of, this Payment Guarantee, and by proper corporate
action has duly authorized the execution, delivery and performance of this Payment
Guarantee;
2 Insert amount equal to the greater of (A) thirty percent (30%) of the estimated costs of the Company's
proposed project, and (B) $75 million.
217

--- Page 225 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
b.the execution and delivery of, and performance of its obligations under, this Payment
Guarantee by the Guarantor will not conflict with, or constitute on the part of the Guarantor
a breach of or default under, its relevant organizational documents or any indenture or other
material agreement or instrument to which the Guarantor is a party or by which it or its
properties are bound or any order, law, rule or regulation of any court or governmental
agency or body having jurisdiction over the Guarantor or any of its activities or properties;
c.this Payment Guarantee has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the Guarantor
and constitutes the valid and legally binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable
against the Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other Applicable Laws affecting the
enforcement of creditors' rights generally and general equitable principles may limit
enforceability of this Payment Guarantee;
d.the Guarantor does not require a notice to, authorization, approval, consent or order of, or
registration or filing with, any court or governmental agency or body having jurisdiction
over the Guarantor or any of its activities or properties for the execution, delivery and
performance of this Payment Guarantee; and
e.the Guarantor (i) holds a direct or indirect ownership interest of [.1 percent ([I %) of the
Company, and (ii) satisfies the Unrestricted Net Worth Requirement.
2.2Covenants
During the Term, the Guarantor undertakes to:
a.(i) satisfy the Unrestricted Net Worth Requirement on a continuous basis at all times, and
(ii) prior to the expiration of the first quarter of each calendar year during the Term, deliver
to Beneficiary a certified true and correct copy of audited financial statements, Form 10 -
Ks or similar types of audited annual reports for the previous calendar year, evidencing that
the Guarantor satisfied the Unrestricted Net Worth Requirement for such previous calendar
year;
b.hold and maintain a direct or indirect ownership interest of at least twenty-five percent
(25%) of the Company; and
c.maintain its existence, and not dissolve, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all
of its assets and will not consolidate with or merge into another corporation or permit one
or more other corporations to consolidate with or merge into it.
3.PAYMENT GUARANTEE
3.1General
The Guarantor absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Beneficiary, as
primary obligor and not merely as surety, the full and prompt payment by the Company of all of
the Company's payment obligations under the ESSA to the Beneficiary when and as due (whether
by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise) arising during the period
that commences on the Closing Date and expires on the Commercial Operation Date, including,
without limitation, payment obligations in respect of any Default under the ESSA by the Company,
218

--- Page 226 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
and including all fees, costs, and expenses. (collectively, the "Guaranteed Obligations"). This
Payment Guarantee constitutes a continuing guaranty of payment and not of collection.
3.2Indemnity
As an independent and primary obligation, the Guarantor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless
the Beneficiary against any and all losses, damages, costs, expenses and liabilities (including legal
fees and expenses) suffered by the Beneficiary or which the Beneficiary may incur, to the extent
that a judicial authority declares any of the Guaranteed Obligations as illegal, invalid, void or
unenforceable by reason of an Insolvency Event or any other reason.
3.3Maximum Liability
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Payment Guarantee, the maximum aggregate liability
of the Guarantor arising under this Payment Guarantee shall never exceed the maximum aggregate
liability of the Company under the ESSA plus costs, fees and expenses, including without limitation
all attorneys' fees, which may be incurred by the Beneficiary in enforcing or attempting to enforce
this Payment Guarantee as provided in Section 3.7 (Costs). The Guarantor shall be entitled to all
contractual defenses, limitations and exclusions available to the Company under the ESSA but not
any defenses that may arise in the event that the Company suffers an Insolvency Event.
3.4Unconditional Nature of Obligations; Waivers
Subject to Section 3.3 (Maximum Liability), the obligations of the Guarantor under this Payment
Guarantee shall be absolute, irrevocable and unconditional and shall remain in full force and effect
until the date on which this Payment Guarantee terminates in accordance with Section 4.7 (Term),
and such obligations shall not be affected, modified or impaired upon the happening from time to
time of any event, including without limitation any of the following events, whether or not with
notice to, or the consent of, the Guarantor:
a.The waiver, surrender, compromise, settlement, release or termination of any or all of the
obligations, covenants or agreements of the Company under the ESSA;
b.The failure to give notice to the Guarantor of the occurrence of a Default under the ESSA;
c.The waiver, compromise or release of the payment, performance or observance by the
Company or by the Guarantor, respectively, of any or all of the obligations, covenants or
agreements of either of them contained in the ESSA or this Payment Guarantee, as the case
may be;
d.The extension of the time for payment of any Guaranteed Obligations under the ESSA or
of the time for performance of any other of the Company's obligations arising out of the
ESSA;
e.The modification, amendment, waiver or alteration (whether material or otherwise) of any
obligation or representation set forth in the ESSA;
f.the taking, or the omission, of any of the actions referred to in the ESSA;
g.any failure, omission, delay or lack on the part of the Beneficiary to enforce, assert or
exercise any right, power or remedy conferred on it in the ESSA;
219CP)

--- Page 227 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
h.the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, sale or other disposition of all or
substantially all the assets, marshalling of assets and liabilities, receivership, insolvency,
bankruptcy, assignmentforthebenefit of creditors,reorganization, arrangement,
composition with creditors or readjustment of, or other similar proceedings affecting the
Guarantor or the Company or any of the respective assets of either of them, or any
allegation or contest of the validity of this Payment Guarantee in any such proceeding;
i,any defense based upon any legal disability of the Company or, to the extent permitted by
Applicable Law, any release, discharge, reduction or limitation of or with respect to any
sums owing by the Company or any other liability of the Company to the Beneficiary;
to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the release or discharge by operation of law of
the Guarantor from the performance or observance of any obligation contained in this
Payment Guarantee;
k.the default or failure of the Guarantor fully to perform any of its obligations set forth in this
Payment Guarantee; or
1.the invalidity or unenforceability of the ESSA or any part thereof.
This Payment Guarantee is in no way conditional or contingent upon any attempt to collect from
or bring action against the Company or its assets or upon any other action, occurrence or
circumstance whatsoever. The liability of the Guarantor hereunder is independent of and not in
consideration of or contingent upon the liability of any other person under this or any similar
instrument and the release of, or cancellation by, any party to this or a similar instrument shall not
act to release or otherwise affect the liability of the Guarantor hereunder. The Guarantor hereby
agrees that it shall not be necessary for the Beneficiary, and the Guarantor hereby waives any rights
which the Guarantor may have to require the Beneficiary, in order to enforce the obligations of the
Guarantor hereunder, first to (i) institute suit or exhaust its remedies against any the Company or
any other person, (ii) enforce the Beneficiary's rights or exhaust any remedies available to the
Beneficiary against any assets of the Company or (iíí) resort to any other means of obtaining
payment of the obligations of the Company hereunder.
The Guarantor waives and agrees not to assert
(I)the defense of the statute of limitations in any action hereunder or for thc collection of thc
Guaranteed Obligations;
any defense arising by reason of any lack of corporate or other authority or any other
defense of the Company or any other person;
(iii)any rights to set -offs and counterclaims;
(iv)without limiting the generality of the foregoing, to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, any defenses or benefits that may be derived from or afforded by
Applicable Law limiting the liability of or exonerating guarantors or sureties, or that may
conflict with the terms of this Payment Guarantee; and
(v)any and all notice of the acceptance of this Payment Guarantee, and any and all notice of
the creation, renewal, modification, extension or accrual of the Guaranteed Obligations, or
the reliance by Beneficiary upon this Payment Guarantee, or the exercise of any right,
220

--- Page 228 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PRF,PA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
power or privilege hereunder. The Guaranteed Obligations shall conclusively be deemed
to have been created, contracted, incurred and permitted to exist in reliance upon this
Payment Guarantee. The Guarantor waivcs promptness, diligence, presentment, protest,
demand for payment, notice of default, dishonor or nonpayment and all other notices to or
upon the Company, the Guarantor or any other person with respect to the Guaranteed
Obligations.
If any payment by the Company to the Beneficiary is rescinded or must be returned by the
Beneficiary, the obligations of the Guarantor hereunder shall be reinstated with respect to such
payment. The Guarantor shall have no right to (i) raise a defense previously raised by the Company
arising out of or in connection with a Guaranteed Obligation claimed hereunder and which ajudicial
authority has settled in the Beneficiary's favor by the dispute resolution procedures of Article 2 t
(Dispute Resolution) of the ESSA, or (ii) to use a cure period previously used by the Company.
The Guarantor assumes responsibility for being and remaining informed of the financial condition
of the Company and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the
Guaranteed Obligations which diligent inquiry would reveal and agrees that the Beneficiary shall
not have a duty to advise the Guarantor of information known to it regarding such condition or any
such circumstances.
3.5Ppceedings Against the Guarantor
In the event of a Default in the payment of the Guaranteed Obligations when and as the same shall
become due, the Beneficiary shall have the right to proceed first and directly against the Guarantor
under this Payment Guarantee without proceeding against the Company or exhausting any other
remedies which it may have and the Guarantor shall pay all Guaranteed Obligations on demand.
3.6Subrogation
Upon payment of any Guaranteed Obligation, the Guarantor shall be subrogated to the rights of the
Beneficiary against the Company with respect to such Guaranteed Obligation, and the Beneficiary
agrees to take at the Guarantor's expense such steps as the Guarantor may reasonably request to
implement such subrogation; provided that the Beneficiary shall have no obligation to take any
such steps and the Guarantor shall not enforce any right arising by way of subrogation or exercise
any other right or remedy arising by reason of any performance by it of this Payment Guarantee,
including, but not limited to, any contractual, statutory or common law rights of reimbursement,
contribution or indemnity, whether against the Company or any other Person, until the date on
which this Payment Guarantee terminates in accordance with Section 4.7 (Term).
3.7Costs
The Guarantor agrees to pay all costs, expenses and fees, including without limitation all attorneys'
fees, which may be incurred by the Beneficiary in enforcing or attempting to enforce this Payment
Guarantee following any default on the part of the Guarantor hereunder, whether the same shall be
enforced by suit or otherwise.
221

--- Page 229 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
3.8Financial Condition of the Company
The Guarantor shall not have any right to require the Beneficiary to obtain or disclose any
information with respect to: the financial condition or character of the Company or the ability of
the Company to pay and perform the Guaranteed Obligations, any action or inaction on the part of
the Beneficiary or any other Person; or any other matter, fact or occurrence whatsoever. The
Guarantor hereby acknowledges that it has undertaken its own independent investigation of the
financial condition of the Company and all other matters pertaining to this Payment Guarantee and
further acknowledges that it is not relying in any manner upon any representation or statement of
the Beneficiary with respect thereto, and that it is now and at all times will be completely familiar
with, the business, condition (financial or otherwise), operations, performance, properties, and
prospects of the Company.
4.MISCELLANEOUS
4.1Governing Law
This Payment Guarantee shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the Applicable
Laws of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico including those processes before PREB whereby PREB
renders a final determination of any Dispute submitted pursuant to paragraph (a) of Section 4.2
(Dispute Resolution), without regard to any contrary result required under applicable conflicts of
laws rules.
4.2Dispute Resolution
If a dispute arises between the Parties regarding the application, interpretation, enforceability,
validity, performance or breach of this Payment Guarantee (a "Dispute"), then the disputing Party
may promptly provide written notice of the Dispute to the other Party and the Parties shall resolve
such Dispute as follows:
a.The Parties shall submit such Dispute to PREB for final determination.
b.Each Party agrees that (i) a final determination of a Dispute rendered by PREB shall have
a conclusive and binding effect on it, and (ii) a Party may enforce such final determination
in the courts of any competent jurisdiction following completion of any recognition and
enforcement process required in such jurisdiction, subject to the grounds for non-
enforcement under the laws of the jurisdiction in which such Party seeks such enforcement.
c.For the exclusive benefit of the Beneficiary, the Guarantor irrevocably agrees that the
Beneficiary shall have the right to (i) resolve such Dispute but only to the extent that PREB
declines to resolve such Dispute, submitted pursuant to paragraph (a) above, for any reason,
and (ii) enforce a final determination by PREB in its favor, in each case in the courts of the
Court of First Instance for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, San Juan Part. By the
execution of this Agreement, the Guarantor irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of any
such court in any action, suit or proceeding relating to such Dispute or final determination.
Final judgment against the Guarantor in any such action, suit or proceeding shall be
conclusive and may be enforced in any other jurisdiction, by suit on the judgment, a
certified or exemplified copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the judgment, or in
any other manner provided by Applicable Law.
222

--- Page 230 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LI,C
d.The Guarantor hereby irrevocably designates, appoints and empowers[name of service of
process agent](the "Service of Process Agent"), with offices currently located at[address
within Commonwealth of Puerto Rico], asits authorized agent solely to receive for and on
its behalf service of any summons, complaint or other legal process in any action, suit or
proceeding the Beneficiary may bring in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico in respect of
this Payment Guarantee.
e.As long as this Payment Guarantee remains in force, the Guarantor shall maintain a duly -
appointed and authorized agent toreceivefor and on its behalf service of any summons,
complaint or other legal process in any action, suit or proceeding that the Beneficiary may
bring in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, United States of America, with respect to this
Payment Guarantee. The Guarantor shall keep the Beneficiary advised of the identity and
location of such agent.
f.The Guarantor also irrevocably consents, if for any reason its authorized agent for service
of process of summons, complaint and other legal process in any action, suit or proceeding
is not present in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, to the service of such process being
made out of the courts of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico located in the of the Court of
First Instance for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, San Juan Part by mailing copies of
the papers by registered mail, to the Guarantor, at its address specified pursuant to Section
4.3(Communications).In such a case, the Beneficiary shall also send a copy of the process
papers to the Guarantor via email.
g.Service in the manner provided in paragraphs (d), (e) and (f) above in any action, suit or
proceeding will be deemed personal service, will be accepted by the Guarantor as such and
will be valid and binding upon the Guarantor for all purposes of any such action, suit or
proceeding.
h.THE GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW:
1.ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY HAVE NOW OR IN THE FUTURE TO THE
LAYING OF THE VENUE OF ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING IN ANY
COURT REFERRED TO IN THIS SECTION;
2.ANY CLAIM THAT ANY SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING HAS BEEN
BROUGHT IN AN INCONVENIENT FORUM;
3.ITS RIGHT OF REMOVAL OF ANY MATTER COMMENCED BY THE
BENEFICIARY IN THE COURT OF FIRST INSTANCE FOR THE
COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, SAN JUAN PART; AND
4.ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO DEMAND A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUCH
ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT AGAINST THE GUARANTOR BY
THE BENEFICIARY.
Where (i) a dispute, claim or controversy arises out of, or in connection with, the ESSA,
and (ii) such dispute, claim or controversy also forms a basis for the Beneficiary to assert
a claim under this Payment Guarantee, the Guarantor shall consent to any request by the
Beneficiary to join such dispute as a party.
223

--- Page 231 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
4.3Communications
Each Party shall deliver all notices and other communications relating to this Payment Guarantee
in writing to the other Party, which shall be deemed duly given upon receipt after delivery by
hand or sent by e-mail with read receipt confirmation, registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid or by recognized overnight courier service to the following addresses:
FOR COMMUNICATIONS DELIVERED TO GUARANTOR:
l]
Attention: [e]
E-mail: l]
FOR COMMUNICATIONS DELIVERED TO BENEFICIARY:
Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority
1110 Ponce de León Avenue, Office #808
San Juan, Puerto Rico
Attention: Deputy Director of Operations Office
E-mail: mary.zapata@prepa.com
Any Party may change its address for notices by giving written notice to the other Party as set forth
above.
4.4.Banking Days
Except as otherwise provided in this Payment Guarantee, if any date on which a payment is to be
made, notice is to be given or other action taken hereunder is not a Banking Day, then such payment,
notice or other action shall be made, given or taken on the next succeeding Banking Day in such
place, and in the case of any payment, no interest shall accrue for the delay.
4.5.Successors and Assigns
This Payment Guarantee shall bind the Guarantor and its successors and permitted assigns and inure
to the benefit of the Beneficiary and its successors and permitted assigns. The Guarantor may not
assignits obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Beneficiary. The
Beneficiary may not assign its rights and obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of the Guarantor, except that the Beneficiary may, without any prior consent of the Guarantor,
assign its right and obligations hereunder to any permitted assignee of the ESSA.
4.6.Guarantee for Benefit of the Beneficiary; No Third -Party Beneficiaries
The Guarantor has entered into this Payment Guarantee for the benefit of the Beneficiary. Nothing
contained herein shall be intended or deemed to create any right in, or to be in whole or in part for
the benefit of, any Person other than the Guarantor and the Beneficiary and their respective
permitted successors and assigns.
224

--- Page 232 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
4,7.Term
This Payment Guarantee shall enter into full force and effect on the Closing Date and terminate
with no further force and effect on the date on which the Company has discharged all of the
Guaranteed Obligations in full (the "Term"). Termination of this Payment Guarantee shall not
affect the Guarantor's liability hereunder as to any Guaranteed Obligations existing or arising under
the ESSA prior to the effective date of such termination.
4.8.Amendments and Waivers
Any provision of this Payment Guarantee may be amended or waived if, but only if, the Parties
execute and deliver such amendment or waiver in writing.
4.9.Headings
The article and section headings of this Payment Guarantee are for convenience only and shall not
affect the construction hereof.
4.10.Partial Invalidity
The invalidity of any one or more phrases, sentences, clauses or sections in this Payment Guarantee
shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining portions of this Payment Guarantee
or any part thereof.
4.11.No Waiver, Remedies
No failure or delay by the Beneficiary in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or
further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The remedies herein
provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by Applicable Law.
4.12.Execution in Several Counterparts
This Payment Guarantee may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall for
all purposes be deemed to be an original; but such counterparts shail together constitute but one
and the same instrument.
[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE.]
225

--- Page 233 ---
Energy Storage Services Agreement - PREPA and CLEAN FLEXIBLE ENERGY LLC
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Guarantor has caused this Payment Guarantee to be executed in its name
and on its behalf by its duly authorized officer as of the date first above written.
fl
as Guarantor
By:
Name: 1.1
Title:[i]
ACCEPTED AND AGREED BY:
PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY
as Beneficiary
By:
Name: 1.1
Title: [I]
226